better,
we can control a bit more of the
information that comes in so that we can
assign it to that kind of label.
That could be the feed into the scheme
metrics that we can help you know work
through that. Yeah.
So I spoke to Mel yesterday as well about
this.
I understand better now in terms of why
and what we need.
So I think we have a catch up tonight.
I mean this evening,
so kind of try and draught 1 here.
And if you know if you want to kind of
play back some of that and you need some
support from us in terms,
what does that look like in ServiceNow,
then then we're happy to do that as well.
One thing I'll say is you know,
as we go through some of these services
and you think actually it's difficult to
kind of separate out the cases or the
requests that come in now,
we might start to think about how do we
categorise some of this,
how do we make this information a little
bit more easy for us to understand.
Understand some of the complexities and
then we can start to think, OK,
actually for the first release,
could we start to put some of those
skills matrix in.
So it's something we can we can start to
think for as well.
Just kind of playback.
So this was kind of the view from the
previous sessions,
just capturing some of those kind of key
pain points in here and you know these
kind of really helps to inform was that
we're designing how are we consolidating
those services which I'll let Deborah
kind of talk through in a moment.
But it's just kind of make sure that as
we go through this,
we're trying to address as much of these
as we can.
I won't go forward and I'm sure you you
can't familiar with some of these the way.
That brush I'll hand over to you in terms
of the approach.
So we'll go through a lot of your
processes that we've received.
I think there were like 40,
maybe 39 to 40 processes across complex
billing billing.
There's some whip in there.
Certainly I don't want you to feel that
it's sort of death by row by row.
We won't look at it that we'll bring it
up a level.
But really, as you sort of said,
was that trigger points of how you
receive it,
how what information you want upfront.
So we'll get into those discussions that
would lead into better, you know,
administration of these queries when they
come in. What's your slas?
What's the assumed pre approval,
what needs to be in place?
You know,
maybe there's some things upstream that
we could capture that would make it a lot
easier for yourself that if only we had
this go back and query and I'll so all
these things that we could potentially
capture upfront to make the
administration of your task a lot easier
such that it doesn't take longer to
complete.
The task admin that it does to actually
do the work itself,
but we'll go through all of that,
you know,
and the sort of the the data that you
might want upfront to the data that you
have to complete and to ongoing processes.
So that at the end of these workshops,
we could have a whole view of end to end.
And aid that seamless workflow across all
finance features,
and that's where we hope to land today.
So probably taken 40 about 40 processes
and sort of talked to it as a service
level rather than the minutiae of each of
the tasks.
Yeah.
And the again,
this is sometimes if we go back to this
sort of slide,
I think that's when we skip that one.
It's got matter on it,
but it really is sort of breaking down
that service from these findings as you
said,
there were lots of roads to bring it up
to.
You know,
talking at it at that high level service
level and each of those processes can
just be a scenario of a similar thing and
the logic within ServiceNow would guide
you through that task a lot easier.
But it's one of the same,
just a different scenario.
OK.
That's probably where we can start if
you're if that's OK.
I think it's been very useful throughout
all the work sessions this week to sort
of maybe start with yourself and give us
a heads up of an overview of.
Billing of what we do and then that would
just lead into,
I know that's probably a science in
itself,
but they understand it is you know taking
all that information from.
The partners and the billing and rolling
it up,
and I'd probably be there's a bit of whip
and credit control maybe prior prior to
what you do. I'm making assumptions,
correct me if I'm wrong and then creating
that bill for all the rates on the matter
give me.
And then rolling it up.
But maybe you can just give me a quick
intro as well to the end.
You know the overall end to end processes
within billing, which I think is UK,
correct me if I'm wrong from all the
people I was going to say.
So it's auk thing, UK,
but then we cover a couple of other
European countries as well. Yeah,
and we'll talk through like.
There are some transitions planned as
well in terms of a a region picking up
the billing and you know some some of the
bees doing some other billing in in
London as well.
So we'll cover that in in the meantime.
But it's purely UK like the team is based
in UK,
but even for those locations they rolled
up to the UK. Yeah, yeah.
And in Australia,
which is basically the chunk of the
volumes, it's the PE,
the operations group,
they manage the billing as well,
that's that rule.
The billing rule is a part and part and
parcel of the rules and responsibilities
of of the PE over there.
Whereas you know the responsibilities of
the be in the UK is different,
so they they don't historically it's been
with us also you heard it on the three
and I mentioned about billing support.
So that is that one part of the process
which the cashiers or or or the finance
ask finance team does pick up.
Over there, but that process sits with,
you know, Gil's team over here.
So just just a couple of nuances we have.
Yeah, certainly. And again,
probably as part of these conversations,
it's sort of a challenge back to this is
what we do today.
But is that right for moving forward?
So I suppose to come to mind is that
question is that.
The model if you're moving to a
globalised,
will it challenge that actually the
utopia would be to push it back to peas
in the UK as well. I mean,
is that on the horizon or is that
something that it will remain the billing?
As you said,
there's a lot of complex billing.
That is, yeah, I mean,
we'll we'll cover it in, in,
in the due course.
But I think we tried it and I think right
now at least in the near future,
it sits with us at the minute. Yeah.
Again,
a region is there which has been
discussed, to move to the local,
you know offices which which we'll cover.
But to answer your question in short, no,
it stays with us at the minute here, OK?
Yeah.
Because you can see from some of the
process lots of complex,
there's complexities as well. So we yeah,
so we tried simple billing with the PS
and they still have that option they they
can process a simple billing,
but complex ones they they're still with
us here.
So I think there's a sort of wider
business decision not driven by the
billing team on this one.
So it's a discussion that we've been
having and it is actually driven
sometimes by the capacity.
So if we look at to just give you a bit
of background, the capacity of,
if we look at what APE does in Australia,
they're doing lots of billing,
but not as much BD support. Yeah,
in the UK,
they're probably doing more BD support,
less billing. So right now.
The capacity doesn't exist and also
because the capacity that doesn't exist,
there's no desire necessarily to have a
lot of people upskilled,
hence why when we've tried to.
Push billing because the partners want it,
right?
But the partners probably don't
understand some of the complexities.
But the partners say I just want my PE to
do this,
but we haven't got the right skills
always and capacity in our PE community.
So for us to actually.
Decentralised billing,
which is an ongoing discussion across the
firm.
We actually have to realign our
resourcing profile,
which is a wholly different challenge.
So it's an operating model and roles,
responsibilities change because I was
just trying to work out because if it's.
You know,
P ES that are doing it in Australia.
Then if they have an issue,
if they need support so they do come to,
they come to the UK team which is well
they come to Sandeep's team in Australia.
OK they do.
Lisa Allenson's team will give them some
billing support.
Got it. OK. So for instance,
like she does all the billing reversals,
doesn't she? Yeah. Yeah.
And that is also one of the tasks which
we have put under the service catalogue
watch list to try and see if that could
be done by the PS as well.
So something to discuss about.
It's just not going to be a quick it's
not a quick thing of turning a tap off
and turning a tap on.
We tried it it the the peas didn't have
capacity nor.
Desire to increase their capability and
knowledge, which meant it was failing.
So these guys were having to drop in
anyway. If we were to go ahead,
we'd have to balance the resource and
therefore we'd have a slightly different
model here in Glasgow,
which would be around the business.
The assurance of billing and support more
than the work that they're doing at the
moment,
so it would be a change and what we would
deliver,
but it's just not come up to be honest
with you. It's not a priority.
The effort to get it done versus the
priorities is you know.
And for the film,
this isn't top of the Pops.
So for phase one,
it remains exactly as it is today in
terms of how we we operate and we just
need to make sure that we've got the
right services to support that as well.
Yeah. Yeah. So in, in,
in terms of support as well to we are
driven like on, on, on the last day.
So like the end of the month like last
year of the month, you know that's where.
Your targets, etcetera are kind of like,
you know,
bashed in on on the last and and there is
a cut off of the system as well like to
make sure you know from an accounting
perspective.
So like 3E has a cut off of half ten in
the UK after that,
anything you process is goes on the
following months of the books, right? So.
If you consider each of the regional
locations so like say, starting from,
you know Middle East to Europe coming to
us,
their cut offs are like an hour two hours
earlier than us.
So we still provide support to them if
they have missed out something in their
cut off then and something urgent
something high value is there they would
come after their.
Cut off to us for our team to kind of
like purchase the building.
What it means is that generally,
apart from the regional taxation or
regional regulatory,
you know nuances and generally the
process is very much.
You know similar in in in how the Bills
are generated. Yeah,
that's what's going to ask is even though
you got those local variances in terms of
like, cuts off days,
but the billing method and process is
still the same across each of those
regions as well. Yeah. OK.
Yeah, that's good. OK.
Should make a sound.
Or maybe come back to yourself with an
overview. I know that. Sorry.
Apologies that we diverted a bit and
that'd be very helpful. Thank you. Yeah.
Well,
I just think maybe we'll action all the
billing for the the UK mainly. Oh, sorry.
And some of the European teams aim,
but it depends.
There's just so many variance ways they
can request them.
There's a few matters that we will issue
automatically and how on asset,
monthly or whatnot.
Scheduled. Yeah, yeah. Scheduled ones.
There's not many of them,
but there are a few.
But the majority of all requests just
come in as and when the partner wants
invoice issued.
And it's almost as as basic as that.
And then there's all the different ones
that can come in as they're starting
looking into the billing,
you might get a lot of requests for write
offs, transfers, transfers,
just time amendments,
etcetera in there are not to one thing.
That's how we get an awful lot of them.
And and it can come back and forth until
they actually get to ready to get the
invoice out. Other ones just come in now.
Very basic.
Can you build this matter at X amount and
it's issue just like that but again there
may be quite a few back and forths.
If it's an E billing client,
we would check what information is
required and they might not have provided
at all.
They may warn part payment applied which
again depended on and.
We might then to go back and forth to
cashiers.
Or they might want an invoice reverse
that's been settled.
We need to go back to.
So there's a lot of back and forth for
the other teams in the matter.
Might not be quite set up with the
correct address details. So again,
we need to go back and forth and then
liaise with the rates and matter admin
team for them to set that up,
seeing if there's any changes to the rate.
So it's it's all very back and forth,
quite a lot and we've seen that this week
and I suppose that automatically triggers
into if you had the right information
upfront first time, correct.
Or triggered, you know,
probably make that complex billing mean.
Not not. I'm suggesting it becomes SIM.
Maybe simpler billing,
but and that's probably what we'll get
into, but again,
not trivialising it at all. You know,
but trying to make that process simple
but.
You're you're creating, you know,
a new bill.
It's work in progress and closing it,
and you've got these multiple scenarios.
And as I said,
we'll get into each of those,
but I'm not trying to say that, gosh,
that she's just made it sound simple
because I appreciate that it isn't.
But ServiceNow is great at workflows,
so you're processing it.
It comes in as a query,
probably into Cherwell today.
Is that correct,
generated from three E that they want to
generate?
Is that how it starts its life or can you
get them in, in any?
It would come in mainly we've got the
mixture they can,
we've got a simple pro forma pro forma
approval process where at the P sort of
generates a pro forma. Oh, they do,
they do that, do they? Yes.
So they'll generate the pro formas first
and they provide the billing guides to on
the back of whip and credit control and
then going into.
Pro forma, yeah,
they would do that or just the partner
asking them,
I think a lot of the times the partner
will go right,
give me billing guides on which is
effectively a draught invoice of the of
the pre invoice of your invoice,
all the information,
it's all broken down in detail.
They'll go through that.
And then just tell the PE either request
an invoice or you know,
mark up with all the different amendments
the PS get the option if it's just if
they're requesting an invoice and it's
pretty standard now,
nothing with Greek complex,
no splits or anything,
they can submit it through the free.
PE finance system so that appears on like
we've got a sort of action list on more
dashboards and we just access each one if
they come in. Yeah.
And some basic instructions on it.
And Bella and then when we Bella,
it goes straight back to the PE.
Or they can submit,
they're just sending an e-mail in,
and when that comes to us,
that street and to brochure, well,
a sort of a desk that's just.
Can I just? Sorry, can I ask? Sorry.
Can I ask just one quick question in that
pro forma,
are there any any sort of controls to
ensure you get the right data populated
or is it all just sort of kind of like
free form?
Because if you've got a lot of failure
demand coming through your organisation
because data is missing or there's,
you know, the various, you know,
Yeah.
anomalies and other bits and pieces,
it does that pro forma have any controls
on it because ServiceNow would give you a
bit of control in terms of what they gave
you.
I just want to get an understanding of
that, if I may, please.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's lots of information on it.
The the sort of billing gate,
the gate will give all the detail like
the client name, the default address,
the billing contacts, etcetera.
And there's options beside them to see is
this correct? Should it be changed?
It gives them all the information about
the dates.
I think half the time to be quite honest,
nobody looks at them.
They they just see Bella and then I mean
we've even at times we send a draught
invoice for reviewing the goal.
That's perfect.
Can you finalise it?
We finalise it and then they come back
and go. Oh,
that's got the wrong address on it or we
Yeah. So that's and this is,
I think this is we've seen this a lot and
didn't want this so.
I think Deborah sort of touched on it
that they, you know, a lot of your,
a lot of your demand.
You know as I call it,
failure demand because you're having to
respond to something that hasn't come in.
You're someone hasn't done an activity
upstream effectively,
so one of the things we need to think
about just broadly is when when we go
through this is you know,
ServiceNow will have a certain element of
the controls that you're looking for.
But there is a piece of organisational
challenge or whatever that needs to go up
to.
Say uh.
Actually,
these people need to take their job
seriously and I'm being very blunt there.
Forgive me that if you're being asked to
approve something,
you should be checking it and approving
so. So as we go through this,
we we might need to be thinking about how
we can collect data to enable you to be
able to go back or feed up the line to
say we X this month.
If we did this amount of hours just
cleaning up because these areas didn't do
an approval properly or whatever,
just you with me.
So have a little think about that as we
go through because I think it will help
when Deborah's sort of running through
the processes that makes sense.
Yeah, we picked it up.
We rate some matter yesterday as they
said,
they got an address change and then it
gets applied to the client and then it
should have only been applied to the
matter. You know,
there were lots of things that they also
said yesterday that they need to reverse
and make sure that happened.
I think it's probably an overarching work
for change as well. Yeah, joy,
just in terms of how we can do it
effectively,
we've tried right in the past. So.
So if you're thinking around that might
be really helpful, yeah,
where do you save your billing guides
right now, I'm sorry, but to be safe,
yeah. I mean, where are they located like,
is that?
And in tap terms or the billing which the
lines guides. Oh yes.
And I mean we don't save some stored if
it be either on because we don't always
get one.
You don't have to provide a billing guide.
So who should be get giving it to us.
So basically to Mark's point,
if you're trying to build a.
Control,
but the exact data is captured in the
billing guidelines.
Then how do we sync that in?
Yeah. I mean,
I think the process has always been the
the billing guides more for the benefit
of the partner, Fiona, etcetera to review.
Quite often they'll attach a billing
guide,
they don't complete it anyway or they
complete bits of it and then they change
and there's never been a requirement that
they have to.
Give us a completely billing guide. Yeah,
I'll, I'll rephrase the question.
So if they,
if you get a proper accurate billing
guide,
will that sort out your problems of
inaccuracies of rates and addresses and
everything?
Yeah.
Because that's your evidence.
That's your proof, right?
That you are following the guideline and
you are invoicing it as per.
I mean they've never come back or some
have never come back and says you've done
it wrong. They just come back and go.
Oh yeah. Yeah, no,
they've not looked at it.
And quite often they do tick and say yeah,
that's correct. That's correct.
And then come back later on and go.
Or that's not the address I want.
So I think a lot of the times when
they're doing the sort of tick box of the
billing guide,
they're not actually paying attention or
they've realised later on it changes.
So it's sick. So you know,
is every bill does every bill for every
matter get a billing guide or is it
specific?
Matters that would get a billing guide.
Everyone can have one.
It's up to them if they print off so they
can some. When you create a pro forma,
you've got the option then to print off a
billing guide for it. Or if they want,
they can just actually print off a
draught invoice.
So it's up to the whoever is generally
the Sir,
potentially the partner or the PE
potentially who, yeah,
it will probably be what the partner asks
for. I mean sometimes they don't,
they don't print any. I mean,
sometimes we'll get a request and they
won't have generated a pro forma,
but they just they'll be just know like
that matter we want to build that.
X amount in.
I mean it's an opportunity there that
billing guide to say this was the address
you know those those pain points that
you're saying,
but maybe that's the change for the PD to
say this is your, this is this,
this is the solution it's landed on is is
it correct? Yes. And then it's just.
Do we make it mandatory for bills?
But I think we're all thinking the exact
same thing. And you know,
if we think there's benefit,
if it's not an over elaborate process
that adds no less value and it helps the
billing process, then we should be.
And you know,
an edict that that's how we operate.
I think it's we just need to understand
why they don't want to use it. Yeah,
that's what I just want to say because
for me,
I'm thinking for every bill there should
be a billing guide and that's mandatory
and it helps you.
It's not going to solve everything,
but it helps you to reduce some of those
errors and issues that keep coming
through.
But is there a reason why some of those
PES or partners are like I don't need it
for this this particular matter or
actually yes, I need it for this one here.
So I'm just trying to work out when and
why would they choose it.
What's the use cases that really helps to?
I think it would probably be more likely
to be the partners rather than the.
Fees that are making that call,
that that should be saved somewhere like
you know,
like engagement letters and all other
contractuals,
you know which are set up in in that
terms,
if they have a guideline then it should
be stored somewhere centrally as well.
So I was just going to ask that GAIL.
So you mentioned that they might print
off the billing guide etcetera,
where do they print it off from,
is it in three East,
where is it that stuff? Yeah,
just in the when once I've generated the
pro forma and that's where like if we
were going to issue the invoice,
we go into the pro forma.
Same with the PE.
They would go in and print a billing
guide from there,
or a draught invoice if they wanted,
or nothing at all. If it's OK.
And I guess that information comes from
the MBI when it's all set up and started
like what generate what,
where do we get the information and that
billing guide.
And three.
Where does that come from?
And you might not know the answer.
It's fine if you don't. Yeah,
I think I was just set up through
probably financial systems at the the
time I I think it will be a combination
of like data points because NBI will have
it's,
it's the first form first point of data
collection.
So it might not have all the information
but then see the engagement letters and
the the negotiations on the discount.
ETC. So it will be different data points.
You've provided a copy of an example
billing guide so that we can see what
that looks like and just give us every
synopsis around where it comes from. Yeah,
I was just going to kind of say like to
that point as well that some of the
billing guide will be pre populated.
But at that point they can add to it as
well.
So say if they've been provided with like
a.
From the client you can add that on for
us.
Or if there's maybe some information they
want to add, well,
that's to be written off or something
like that. They can at that point,
excuse me at that point,
add that manually.
So it's not always got everything in the
billing guide.
So they might print that off,
but give you additional information. Yeah.
But they can add that to the billing
guide. So it will just come to.
US as one document. OK. Right. Cool. Yeah,
we'll take that as an action.
We'll follow in those cases,
they don't probably complete it.
Do you agree? I mean,
probably even the majority of cases,
we don't see one. Yeah, but.
And this has been the issue. I mean,
Lynn and I am trying to solve an issue
about currencies being changed,
but we don't have any.
The agreement on who and how they have
asked us to change the currency,
so if it is documented somewhere,
at least for future,
we know that it should be this even if it
is a manual error.
But we don't have those records,
I'm issuing currency the agreed currency
with the client would also be in the
billing guide or within the.
Contract that's agreed right? Or the MSA?
Yeah, it would.
It would show on the billing gate as well.
What, again, quite often,
they will at time with Berlin decide to
change that. Yeah, we touched upon that.
What, yesterday,
why there might be a reason why suddenly
they want to change it in a different
currency or whatever reason. So yeah,
we touched.
That was very helpful. Thank you.
Just just a quick question on that.
Obviously, earlier in the week,
I was talking about things where clients
don't pay for things like research.
For example. Example,
was that done in the billing guides as
well as at client level or is it?
If there was like sort of time had been
posted in respect of that,
that wasn't to be like, see chargeable,
then yes, they'll be probably on that.
There will be some time entries that
they'll go through and just go right off.
Now this one that one, that one.
We wouldn't really pay too much attention
to what it related to, but yeah,
quite often you'll see ones even maybe
like the sort of now spending time
looking over planning, then voice,
and then there'll be a timing because
I've posted it,
but obviously they'll write that off
because they've been charged that to the
client.
So probably other time,
sometimes travel time they would,
you know, how you'll see them now.
We don't want to, if agreed,
not to charge that to the client.
So we'll write that off as well.
But if it was on the matter, I am, yeah.
OK, that's good. I mean that was a.
I mean,
we've probably captured four or five away
to the processes already, I mean,
not necessarily do them.
I was going to start if you have a look
at maybe you could just click on this TQ
I'm a recommendation which is in column E
I've put them into sort of discussion
points.
Maybe you could just click on the drop
down. For me, Jimmy, and I've,
there was some complex.
I've sort of invoice, you know,
it's a big subject matter and that would
just be everything we talked about.
But I had some sort of manage invoice and
it was complex complex invoice.
I've sort of pulled out that even though
it would sit.
Within the same sort of service and
workflow,
I thought it was worthy of its unique
discussion.
And then you've got these manage time
card section and the others were sort of
queries reports and as you said from WIPP
that we could cover.
So it's probably worth.
Starting should we start with the whip?
Because that's probably an entry point,
whip and credit control, if that's OK,
that probably comes from the pro forma
and then into the invoice.
Is that a natural progression that you
think would be useful in terms of how we
go through the process?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK.
So if you could just highlight the all
the whip ones for me.
And I know whip Marwan's on the call.
Whip and credit control is next week,
but this is probably these are the have
been under your umbrella of billing
process for whip and we could have a look
at those and maybe discuss them and sort
of as.
Of what you do.
So there's transferring time as part of a
billing plug in time. You know,
maybe that's a retrospective activity,
but if we could have a look at that as an
overview,
maybe you can give me a sort of summary
of, you know,
credit bills or do you have to issue a
credit note or are they?
Are they pre activity that the whip and
the control group do that then inherit
into yourself?
It's sort of pre pro forma or are they
post?
Are they part of the post activity that
you're you're doing?
I mean the top one with cancellation?
Could. Well,
it's sort of post because that's
obviously after an invoice has been
issued and that sort of first one is just,
yeah,
for the said cancel it back to when and
that would be you you know the.
But decide to review what they're going
to bill with the client,
or it's probably one that they've put
through from one thing to get the figures
in,
and then it's which is quite common
beginning of the month.
Can you cancel that back to where they
weren't going to send it out anyway?
So that's just a sort of and they say
that is that APE request that comes in or
is that something that you discover as we
go through invoice that you think
actually it shouldn't be of this month's
end or when you're going to cancel it?
And then as an activity,
you would promote rather than a request?
We wouldn't.
We wouldn't cancel it generally were
sales for that reason,
but the request would come in. But yeah,
it's it's quite a calming.
We have a lot one thing they just they're
putting the bills through because they
they want to meet target but it's not
ready to go out.
And then the following week they're like
reverse that one reverse that one.
And they'll they'll view it.
So just give you a little bit of back
through the partner, right?
So the partner's saying we need to make
my my sales figure for example for the
third month.
So I need to make sure I can pull some
from the whip and then I'll potentially
put it back in. Yeah, so,
so just give you a little bit of
background. So before the month starts,
you know there will be various reportings
and frequent reportings to the
partnerships and everyone,
every individual.
Level.
Group level saying this is your target or
this is where we want want you to be and
then at the back of that the team which
you will be meeting them on Monday so
they will discuss in more details but
they will be providing the individuals
the group targets or or or the actual
figures as well a lot of times the.
Teams, etcetera will get involved as well.
So the business managers will get
involved as well and they will try and
you know see that OK, this is actual web,
but what what is gonna be expected as
well with the help of the partners bees
and they'll try and kind of you know like
manage that balance as well and
accordingly.
Will trigger a change.
Ideally it should be built on the whip,
you know whatever is there,
but those are the scenarios where the
changes will happen. Yep,
and I suppose I'm probably thinking a bit
like capturing it upfront so that you
don't get these queries and reversals and
bring it back to whip.
Is there anything that?
Again,
sort of that trainee or that knowledge
back that they can do to prevent fees or
is it just a regular?
I know that sounds very simplified,
but it's capturing the net of why they
keep, why you keep getting them,
it's again.
Lot of practises right like what we were
talking about rates yesterday. You know,
you already have a standard rate,
then you have a volume discount,
but on top of that there is an agreed you
know negotiated discount and on top of
that another discount.
So layers in layers.
So I think it's it's more how that
particular matter or.
That particular client is being managed,
you know? Yeah.
And it would be good to have a standard
practise, right? But yeah,
you have a lot of we've got reality on
realities. Yeah. Yeah.
That's gonna be really.
That's gonna be really difficult to try
and standardise and get and and look,
this is where I think business services
and this is where our job is right to
support.
The partnership. So I'm I'm in.
I'm I'm neutral right now over here
because yes,
we would want to have a standardised
service,
but then what happens if the partnerships
partners, you know, are trying to,
you know, kind of like a crack,
a different deal and you're not trying to
give a different numbers.
We should be available.
We should be ready to make those changes
quickly and swiftly as well.
That's what I was going to say. It's not.
It's not more about changing that
behaviour.
But how do we quickly support where they
need to be able to do that rather than a
complete change of process,
standardising because it's a partnership
that it's inevitable that's going to
happen,
they've got certain targets that they
have to meet.
So how do we best support them to do that
as quickly as possible? I mean,
I think it's about how much information
do we get from them or how much.
How quickly can we possibly be get it,
you know? Yeah. Also,
what feedback do you get from partners in
the practise group?
Because I'm sure you know,
it's not fun for you guys and I don't
think it's fun for them either.
But have they said, like,
actually what would be super helpful is?
You guys give us this or like what?
What feedback have they given you?
Just put the bill out as quickly as
possible as accurate possible.
They don't care how we deliver the
process.
They don't want us to burden them. Yeah,
we're business services.
We're here to get it done.
I think better watch is a Friday.
Logan may you never know.
He might be in the office,
but you know there's a typical partner
who you know, business services for him.
He doesn't care if it's the billing team
or the risk and compliance team or
whatever. Just.
Sort it, guys. Well, maybe if I dare.
Are they writing names here? Oh, Craig,
I'm just worried. It's a Friday,
and sometimes he's in Scotland on a
Friday.
But but but team that,
that's a that's a really good point,
Yep, that's.
right?
Because if if you if you consider your
process with starting with starting with
the customer and working back and looking
at what their needs are,
if the service model is we support them.
You know regardless of that you know that
what they are actively doing in the
Yeah.
process.
Then what?
We just need to do is think about how do
we gather the right thing? How do?
What controls do we put in place to
enable us to aid them without it
overloading or becoming your hyper
Yeah.
complex? Because clearly there's,
you know, to your point Sandy,
that you recognise you're there to
support them, but there's.
Boundaries. They still need to, you know,
they still need to help you.
And I think it's our ability to help them
help themselves and then help you be
So.
efficient is the trigger point here,
isn't it?
Yeah.
And I think we are now slightly diverting
to the process.
You will know more on Monday because
they're already doing that.
They are trying to standardise their
reporting as much as possible. Moreover,
on being very prompt.
To be more supportive to the partners
that hey, by the way,
this is what is on week one,
this is how it should be looking.
This is what you should be doing.
So I think it's it sits in that area more
than and what I was going to say was
incorporating that into that managing of
that invoice.
We can say as part of the action it is
now assigned to whip.
So as part of the workflow you can.
Say within this end to end workflow that
actually the WIP team are now.
So in ServiceNow it will auto you know it
can be assigned and therefore you can and
then they can pick it up seamlessly and
that's probably what ServiceNow we're
getting at is that it can it can aids
that it's going back to WIP and then they
can pick it up.
You know it's been reversed.
And you can say reasons why you can
capture those metrics on why it's been
returned. I mean,
I don't know if it cancelled completes
the invoice request because it's being
returned to whip,
but that certainly could be a sub task
within there that it's now being assigned.
And return to whip if that's helpful.
And then at that point it either closes
it.
Presumably that portion of it or part of
it then gets closed off your queue,
is that am I surprising,
that's how it would work? That is it.
The whole thing is then returned or part
of it.
Yeah,
I mean it would just beeps and from that
category that's for the quest where they
are just the whole cancel it and return
back to WEP,
which is just exactly what we would do
and and then they make them,
they could come back on the exact same
ticket you know later that day and then
go, oh, right,
can you know issue this from.
That or, you know. Yeah. So it won't.
It could be a request could come in a
week. Two weeks later.
It's from our point of view. Yeah.
That's it.
Closed with cancelled invoice and
returned the type.
So off your queue it will be closed.
But overall workflow might still be open.
So you don't get a new ticket.
You can sort of see the history if it
comes back every time.
But it could be reassigned at this point,
which McMahon's on the call.
Pick it up that it's now being handed
back to them and assigned to whip for to
pick up.
But for yourself it will be closed,
closed, complete.
You've done your activities on it.
We wouldn't assign it to the web team
because.
Yeah, it's probably more just a,
it's changed. It's just the safety.
That's it. Yeah,
it's reversed on the system.
It's not something that's actually
physically moving between the the whip
team.
It's just you're changing the status from
whatever it is. Yeah,
from build back to it's now back to
working process. Yeah. So one build. OK.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Sorry,
just a quick question in regards to the
Oh yes.
the whip element and just more out of
curiosity,
Yeah.
I know we're going into it in more detail
on Monday, but as you just said,
it would just be a kind of action and
reversal.
Is that a case of we don't want the whip
processes and actions being completed in
ServiceNow, if possible,
is it more like a?
Tracked action. This is completed,
but all the other processes still remain
outside of ServiceNow.
I'm not 100% sure, Barbara.
It's probably some money to answer on
Monday. My understanding, though,
is these status changes are made in VE.
Is that right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
So it's it's not something that we would
OK.
do and ServiceNow anyway,
but that seeing that notwithstanding,
I don't know what the wet processes are
of the.
Top of my head,
but we might need to have an alert to be
aware of it or something. You know?
I don't know, but we could probably.
We could probably check that it could be
the when you when you've got your query
and you're saying that it's actually
going to be, you know,
change the status in three, you know,
as you close the ticket in ServiceNow for
example.
That that could then trigger something
into the cup,
but we'll pick that up and then, yeah,
like,
automate some of the report and we can do
it just now, right.
But it might be something that helps them,
but we'll need to look at the if it was
like control. No.
When we reverse an invoice,
just that we just copy them in just and
that can do it for me. Yeah. I mean the.
That management team. But no,
I'm not sure how much helpful that would
be for them because they would just be
getting lots of dozens and dozens of
alerts that might be absolutely
irrelevant and be more.
But they're getting that state changed,
presumably anyway, are they in three?
They'll be alerted when that happens.
If they're working on those actors.
I think what they do in checking the web,
they would then see there was.
Back.
But I'm I'm not sure if there's really
need to.
I'll I'll capture as a parking lot item
for us to pick up and run down with them.
Yeah. I mean,
it's a good point about credit control,
though.
So if you currently copy them in just so
they've got awareness,
then that's something that we can
automate. So as soon as you go,
I mean that would be good because that is
odd one. Yeah. You know, Mrs. Yeah.
OK, that's good.
And then you've got these edit pro forma
few items here and how do they come to
you?
Is that normally a request or you're by
the very fact that as we said from the P,
they're doing that pro forma and then you
go into?
Billing.
Is it a subsequent task that you've found
as part of the check of going through
your invoices for billing that you're
requesting them to edit it,
or are they asking you or the PS asking
you to edit these pro formas?
That would be the quest that come in from
the PS asking us to make those sort of
amends.
One of the ones I just noticed,
the one the third one down whip
management activities that's.
That used to be a process before we had
the whip management team.
We had someone in our team that was sort
of covering that a little bit,
but we still use that category simply for
what Mark Herbert,
the CFOA lot of matters,
particularly the conments go under his
name.
So one of myself,
now another chap and the team does it
like each month we just run a report.
Nobody requests it on office matters and
we go through just all the different
teams and fee earners to see how you look.
Basically you're going to build this this
month.
Just so we can give Mark an update.
So that goes under what management
activities that process,
but we don't really that's a that's a
monthly routine maybe and do capture that
today.
I mean it's it more like a calendar item
that you have in your that you're running
it. Yeah we just run it.
No one requests what what sensitive.
We just run it and then have a look and
just check what's been billed,
what's been cleared,
and then just the different how like sort
of matters,
whoever the fear and it is for each one,
there'll be some of them are global.
Just it's just a general query.
You're billing it this one for can it get
written off?
If it looks quite aged and then we would
write it off for them,
but generally it's it's more just and do
you capture the outcomes of that activity?
Do you track it over time, you know,
so you could say this is what we've done
because people updated on a sort of it's
just almost sets up manual for the
reports spreadsheet and we just send it
to.
Mark,
just to let him know that's what matters
are either cleared this month.
That's the ones that they're going to
clear before 1 fend,
and these are the ones that they've said.
No, we're not building it to, you know,
next month or next quarter, whatever.
It's really more than FYI,
just so when it was.
OK, somebody's looking at you. I think,
Sandeep,
you mentioned this week of having there's
some tasks that calendar items that you
do, they're inferred.
But to capture what the team are up to,
you know, just because it sounds,
you know it might take you half an hour,
it might take you half a day,
but certainly there could be a standard.
Form or being in service now that's
capturing the fact that you've been
working on it in your activities and you
could capture rather than having it in
another spreadsheet somewhere else,
ServiceNow could be an opportunity where
even though it's scheduled as it's
scheduled activity and then?
It has your effect.
You know when you started and how long
you took on it and it closed it and it
just goes into your metrics of all the
things.
So that shows that you're working at 150%
every month on everything,
but it does factor into the fact that it
showcases everything a portfolio of all
those activities across billing and that
might be something if you can use.
Assign it to yourself or another member
of the team will see it,
but it captures all those outcomes and
over time you can track and get some
metrics from those.
And also like like Rama yesterday we
discussed this team can also get on the
same e-mail right now or the same ticket
they can get multiple.
Scenario requests to be done so right now
as we know share will will just pick up
just the first scenario,
but then if things are asked repeatedly
different, yeah.
If you've got multiple activities it will
be in one place rather than 1 ticket one
query.
But that certainly could be a scheduled
form that you have and then the outcomes
could be you know.
You know this outcome,
that outcome and your actions can be
tracked and off the back of that,
maybe it can trigger some other things,
but at least the capacity spent on it and
the metrics from that can be captured in
service.
Now can I show what would you call that?
Because it sounds like that's probably
not the right name for that service.
It's something like matter billing
reported like monthly matter billing.
The whole thing is that kind of, yeah,
I mean, we just use that category. Yeah,
because it's it's something purely
secondment related.
It's not all it's it's not a separate
forms of comments,
a lot of secondments are listed on it,
but there's some other,
it's just something that matters that
under marked.
We have secondment as a assigned task.
In this list we do have a secondment
category,
but we tend to keep that safe because
it's right, OK, it's a different.
It's different from that,
but you could have,
I mean again where it comes in serves
that if you had the common category and
you selected it.
You could have fields or data just
associated to that that you capture,
and if there's another category it would
display other things,
so that's possible within the same within
the same form or the same service.
And if we could, sorry, no, no,
no on you go. Sorry,
I don't mean to say that. Well,
sure we're talking to you.
The microphones pick up the slight,
you know,
in any checklist that you have today,
you know,
to formalise that we can incorporate that
into the form and they could be, you know,
I'm not going to solutionize now,
but there could be subsequent tasks that
can be triggered off the back of that.
Yeah, I was just going to ask.
So we had the ask people workshops last
week and the secondment schedule was one
thing that came up to discuss in today's
workshop.
So we can look to discuss it later on
like as we go through these processes.
But I think it's a,
we know it's a pain point.
We know we tried to make it better,
but we couldn't.
So it will be good to have the discussion
in this.
It will be slightly better because we
just discussed yesterday we're gonna
control the whole process. OK? We will.
Yeah. So, I mean right now,
I mean when I say we like, yes,
the billing, secondment,
billing is also done by some of the PS in
London, but they will not do that anymore.
So the billing will be done only in.
To Glasgow and so that will help us to
coordinate better with ask people and all.
Yeah.
So you still need to get it from ask
people to ask.
People still need to send you this
comment schedule. Cool. Yeah.
I think we can.
We can discuss that later on.
It may well be something that we actually
maybe need to have like a.
To recall or something with people
yourselves ageing online,
be involved as well, Nikki.
OK, because that's why I asked.
If we have a secondment as a category
because we will,
we might have to revisit those supporters,
but we are not there yet.
I think I haven't even told you but kind
of approved. Now, tell me now. Yeah. No,
because I know I remember in the past we
tried to make the report come
automatically from fusion,
but it wasn't giving us what it needed.
It was like through records and stuff.
It was messy.
OK, cool. No worries. Thank you.
I've popped that and we can pick that up
as well.
Just just a quick question for me and
it's probably more for the room,
a consistent theme this week has been the
P ES and their custom in practise and
behaviour. I think we'll.
I mean it's not that programme job to fix
that.
However,
I think we should be flagging where we
have get processes that's constrained by
that custom and behaviour,
and that can then flush up and again it
goes back to.
If you get it up to the right audience,
they can make a decision.
Is it worth tightening effects or is it
something we deal with in a different way
and accept the constraints and risk?
Yeah, no, absolutely.
And I speak to them every day.
I spoke to the head of a OPS London OPS
last night after and I gave her a view of
what we are doing in service now.
So they are aware as well.
And to be honest,
they might have certain frustrations with
with our processes as well.
So I completely agree that we're not
going to be changing that right now.
We're not going to resolve that.
I think we should make suggestion,
we should just highlight you're you're
you're investing thing.
We should take an action the OCM team to
find out who's actually head of the PE
team.
And and the biggest, biggest kind of,
you know, like the what do you call it?
The biggest factor will be the knowledge
piece. So the training piece,
so we have an agenda to work on the
billing side of the training.
You will speak with Chris on Monday.
They have also some training things for
credit.
Control WIP as well.
So I think how we are packaging that up
will answer your question or resolve your
question. I think it's broader.
I think Alex's point is that it's broader
than just billing like we've noticed in
ask. We've noticed in people. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, we've so so that so for sorry.
So that training thing is not just about
billing. That's what I'm saying it will.
Will be entire finance piece, you know,
with them. OK, we'll we'll take. Yeah.
And then acute. You know,
we use service now.
You can have the metrics on the back of
that and and we're a you're a legal firm.
There is the service to that.
So the thing about this is it's.
In service,
now you're finding root cause that you
get some metrics.
There might be you know AP that's
particularly you know they raise the most
queries throughout there and maybe it's
that they need more training.
You know it's it's to aid this one.
One workflow,
so you'll you'll use ServiceNow to
discover or answer questions or metrics
that you can.
You've now got the supporting evidence.
There's a frequent partner in this PE
that raise everything.
They push everything,
they throw it over the Fed. That's fine.
And that's a that can be taken into their
professional development and they're
incentivized.
Bonuses, whatever.
Not for the partners but the fees.
But this is capturing getting the right
calls that if this is coming in regular
you can say this metric.
This is the reason why this is the you
know and that's all collated and you get
a very nice dashboard and the reasons why
and actually for yourself you're tracking
it and.
We're getting the numbers of these
because of and.
Those things can then be fixed upstream,
so it's a constant,
you know reducing the reactive behaviour
into proactive,
and then you'll have the supporting
evidence to do that. That's the name.
And and this just sorry Deborah,
to add to that,
remember also that we have the ability to
present knowledge, articles,
knowledge collateral,
DO two to the audience via the employee
centre.
So you know once if we if we see that
there's common areas where you want to
guide.
Yeah.
Yeah,
these are sorts of things you can put
forwards and you know that they audience
can search for pick up on understand or
even you could reference say at the
beginning of a request item when they
click a request.
You might say if you want help you know
you know refer to this article to give
you the information required for this
request.
Whatever you know,
you've the the the the tool will provide
you that ability to do that.
Yeah, exactly. I mean for me,
I'm taking this as a tool and I'm taking
this as like metric, you know,
tangible information that where is the
gap.
I'm not expecting ServiceNow of of course
to fix my operational process gap with
any of the teams. But what it is,
what it is helping me with is it is
giving.
Ammunition to say, hey,
now let's work on the knowledge piece
because this is coming and this will tie
the dots properly, you know,
so I'm using this as a different in a
different way ammunition or supporting
tools for the ammunition,
sounds like a firing line but.
Yeah. And look,
the intention is you're still going to
have a workload,
but the ability to reduce the time to
complete those queries you know becomes,
you know, for billing and reputational.
You're turning things around quicker,
smoother, correct.
And you know the whole aim of.
ServiceNow, as the mantra is right,
first time you know you can go through it.
There's not this back and forth,
so if we can capture as much of the
request upfront right first time,
you can then go through your happy path
of a process and then maybe not first
time every time,
but you get the metrics to then correct
it. And it's just this continuous.
Loop that they you move towards a very
proactive happy path.
That's the intention. Sorry.
Just to go back to this one,
it sounds like this is not one that you
are using currently.
It's kind of a different service or is
that incorrect in that's the monthly one
where and then you capture the metrics on
that for based on the monthly meeting so?
It's a thing, it's an activity you do,
but we might want to rename it. Yeah.
Yeah,
it's still on the capacity of your
monthly active people.
Just use that when they try and keep it
safe. Yeah. Look, by all means,
this is the this is the as is.
It's not where we'll land,
but it's a good.
Discussion point that we can flush out
and to roll them up,
but it I think I mean they've been well
presented to us as sort of scenarios of
purging, cancelling, reversing split.
I know that we haven't come to split yet
and all the complex billing but OK that's
good. How did my ignorance?
Mark. Mark who?
For the for the report.
So the report I'm here but in the CFO. OK.
Thank you. Thank you.
OK,
you know you can share that outcome with
them or whether it's a,
you know maybe at the end of that,
I don't know if you have to produce any
supporting documentation,
but that could certainly be the backbone
of that as well, yeah.
OK, I think that's another one.
There's the transferring time as part of
a billing request that's probably is that
adjusting.
So when you get the invoice prepaid,
is that an activity on the back of it
that you're?
Just another activity of with that's
meant it.
It's when the time zone a pro forma if
the time if a pro forma has not been
generated on a matter this P ES and hub
teams,
they can action time transfers themselves.
But if it's the voted generated,
a pro forma only really billing can
action the transfer,
so that's for as I say,
if the time zone a pro forma it's time
that we transfer for them.
So it's not always.
It's not part of a billing request as
such,
it's a query they're asking you to assist
them in transferring that time. Yeah.
Yeah. It's part of the pre billing.
A bit like where the as I say though,
go create off that entry or can you amend
the value of that entry,
change that whip to query for me?
So that could be part of a.
On the new part of the overall quick a
potential query,
but it sounds like we I wouldn't call a
query as such,
it's just it's just a request,
so it wouldn't be like if they'd actually
seen in the invoice requests and included
transfers.
Yes, that would just be class.
We would just class that as adequate for
an invoice,
but that's where they've already
generated a pro forma,
but they want some time transferred
either from or to it.
It's more about merging time, right,
managing the time cards that you are
potentially going to bill against is that.
Yeah, certainly. What just is that,
is that related to time cards rather than
the actual? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's just that being managing time cards
rather than OK, if you put managed, yeah.
Managed time cards. Yeah.
OK. And the same purging time, yeah,
I mean that would, yeah,
just that's just a general request that
would come in.
It might be in a pro format, might not,
but it wouldn't be as part of the invoice
request on some again they might send an
invoice request going to build this at X
amount and it includes.
Write offs,
but that would be just where the the
thing and what can you either write or
full time in this matter or on a pro
forma?
Can you write off specific time cards,
but they're not actually asking us for an
invoice at that time? OK? No.
So no invoice on the back of it and it's
just an activity.
Probably part of their sort of pre
billing. Yeah. OK pre billing activity,
OK.
And they and actually sorry to interrupt,
but just on that like although it can be
pre billing sometimes after billing as
well like if there's maybe been time kind
of leftover on the files then sometimes
they can.
Patch it at that point and just want it
written off,
so actually it can be pre billing or
sometimes post billing as well.
Just depends on or or during your invoice
process or Julian. Yeah, OK, OK,
that's what can cover.
And when you say they and then we talk
about they are we talking about PES the
request or I guess but the request but it
tends to be the PE generally yeah.
But we will get some.
From fee earners,
but it's usually more often than not it's
the PE. OK, all right, but we can open it.
You know,
it doesn't have to be locked down,
particularly to the P,
or can you get it from the partner direct?
So it tends not to be. It's,
I was thinking even a show sheet, right,
could potentially. Yeah. Anyone. Yeah.
Occasionally. Partners do as well. Yeah.
Here's the PS. Yeah.
They don't want to lock it down.
And then no one.
It's generally, yeah.
And then it comes into you.
So the information they have to provide
you with is the client.
I'm just thinking about the things
popular,
the information you would need from them,
the client, the matter, the time,
etcetera,
that could be all pre populated rather
than having this back and forth with them.
Anything else that you need, I mean?
From a for those sort of ones, yeah.
I mean, occasionally we need,
we need to go back like though.
An effective start that it means you need
to know when it applied to or is it now.
Is it when it needs to be done it just I
mean the question and we would just do it
and we're sort of general sort of time
scale but yeah,
as long as that it's clear they just need
to be clear on what they want. OK. Yeah.
I mean occasionally you you I can't think
of an example of the top ahead but they
can you kind of vague.
Instructions on these ones and you have
to go back and say like, sorry,
what time of what period or but now just
to get them to clarify it.
But you know usually they're quite,
you know fairly specific,
but it's not because the queries are no
longer e-mail, they're filled.
You know you're asking them questions
leading questions.
So it lands with you again first time.
So as you said,
it could be what's the client?
What's the matter?
Give the numbers the time card so they
can complete all that for you.
So it's a very simple process.
So it's just those types of checklists
that you might want in place when you're
capturing these these queries coming in
rather than them structures in an e-mail
that you can't, you know.
Structures like an e-mail where it's a
free text box,
you're just asking them leading questions
and then it lands with you as a
straightforward, you know,
easy to process. Yeah, yeah.
So maybe we'll think about, you know,
I've put some data fields associated with
that and we can draught that out.
And then when you receive it,
use a whole group.
Does it go to anybody particularly or you
just pick them up as a whole billing.
There's no priority on them,
or if it's for a particular client,
there's no thresholds that this is avip
or this needs to be. I mean, they're all.
Urgent. Yeah, they might. I mean,
they might mark urgent and we would sort
of check why towards one friend we would.
Everything's a priority,
but we would probably try and prioritise
them a bit because we generally know
they're asking them for them to swear
they're sorting out the pre building to
get the invoice out,
so the quicker we get them done for them,
the quicker they can finalise the invoice.
But the the and you can pick them up we
generally FC.
We've maybe got a new person the team,
before they get fully into.
That's a sort of a request.
We'll assign to them just to get them
used to the system and the sort of call
them sort of quick wins because they're
generally you can get them cleared pretty
quickly. It can be auto assigned.
Based on the skill metrics that if it's
that type of query,
it's categorised that it goes to them.
You know if we reassigned,
I don't want them to think that they get
it all in their pot,
but initially as part of that process for
allocating as you're busy,
it could be that it sits in their queue
and they can reassign or and you get to
see.
Everything in you get to see everybody's
work.
It could be in the morning that you
shuffle around and anybody can reassign
to anybody.
So you could have the tasks of the day on
a dashboard,
but you know yourself is you know,
anybody within or the manager,
the department can then just reassign
accordingly.
We go away. Sorry.
Can I just check in terms of when you get
those requests coming in,
do the requesters potentially have
multiple time card movements that they
might say actually,
it's for this matter of what this one and
also for this matter of this one,
rather than having individual requests
that coming through so.
So managing that,
you'd need to kind of like decipher for
OK, right. This is this matter.
I need to move this from this time to
this to the matter etcetera.
Is that how it's coming in at the moment?
Yeah, they come in in all different ways.
To be honest.
I mean someone's will be matter by matter
I mean quite often it's quite simple even
if it is a transfer they might say.
All time on matter number blah blah to go
to matter eggs and you might have various
requests that other times it can only be
specific entries in each of the matters
they want moved and the same with the
write offs but they can also send it.
We can just send it in the e-mail with
how as you see everything all just
written in text, that one,
they may attach APDF of a billing guide
with a marked up.
Sometimes they generate an Excel report.
Again all depends really on what the
particular Fiona wants to look at and
they've.
They'll get their own preferences,
and that's where it comes in. I mean,
sometimes we just got a list which
infuriates me personally when it's what
they all and all as is what the time
index numbers and you can get like 40 and.
It might.
They'll tell you what mattered at someone,
but there could be, you know, 500 entries,
not matter,
and you're trying to look for each index
number,
and that's only information you get.
But there's there's so many different
ways they they can ask for it and that.
While you know that it's not going to be
emailed, it's a query we can force that,
as you said, they can add new,
add new as one request,
so it comes in as multiple tasks so that
you know once you complete one you know
it.
What I'm saying is the request itself can
remain open,
but each of the tasks in themselves can
be closed complete.
But we can certainly give those leading
questions upfront. The forces them,
you know, behaviour rather than his,
you know,
Yeah.
an attachment and just go and do it.
So they'll have to mandatory complete
some of the data before it lands with you.
So they're doing some of the heavy
Yeah.
lifting upfront.
Yeah, yeah.
And what we can,
what we can also do at the opening of
that is do some positioning text that
says this.
You know you will be asked you know to
provide each one you know to enable us to
help you more effectively.
This is why you get the breakdown.
So then when they're presented with AD
next ad,
next ad next sort of thing they
understand.
Why?
Because we've already said it in an
opening so positional, you know,
guide note kind of thing that makes sense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I'm sure that's for them.
It was quite key. I can you just do it.
You know, I think there might be,
but if we can make it easier for them as
well,
they they're also a customer at this
point where they were filling in the
request.
If we can make that experience good for
them,
they'll be more willing to do it in order
that it's a good experience for you.
So it's getting that.
Line balance,
as you say that they don't end up just
doing attach. See attachment 500.
You know it's it's giving them that
leading stuff that aids them to do it
easy you know,
because maybe they've got not the
capacity as well,
but certainly we'll look at formalising
what you need is mandatory information in
order.
To process those requests. Oh, sorry.
That's all right. Yeah,
you can finish off when you were saying,
like, how the auto assign, which. Yeah,
sure.
But you were saying you could view so,
like, just say there's a view of like,
whole all requests that come in and see
them all and they'll just see where
there's.
So setting because I would be concerned
because especially that one things
although I'm saying we'll be generally
sort of try to assign them to you know I
mean MD can pick them up but when we've
got a new start but I wouldn't want them
because it can be loads of them all just
going to that one person because.
They how they could end up really
overloaded. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a wider question.
So there's probably a couple of things
for me to pick up on here.
So capacity is another thing that we're
going to look at.
So from an ask perspective,
we're looking to utilise the auto
assignment because what it will enable us
to do is to remove you haven't.
Have somebody that does that assignment
task right from an efficiency perspective,
but also because we're controlling how
they come in, they're auto categorised.
So there's ways that we can manage that
work across the team.
But so skills is one thing that we can
look at. So what?
Processes that you can do.
Is there some that you can't do, etcetera?
How does that work within the team?
The other thing we will look at is
capacity, how we're going to do that.
Yeah, it hasn't been decided,
but it's a wider formulation, right.
So the system will help us support that.
We will obviously communicate that as we
go through.
It will be a change to how we work just
now for some teams.
Some teams do auto categorise.
Some teams don't have people are saying
and they just pick them.
You know there's different ways that
people do it.
So there will be some changes in there.
We'll communicate and manage what that
looks like.
The guys need to take the information
away and find the right solution for us.
And the other question I was going to ask.
About as well was in fact,
I think what would be really helpful here
is see when you guys get access to share,
well,
just because Gail's obviously explaining
there's so much variation and how people
send them in,
you'd be as well looking at some of that
because I think that will follow that.
Yeah, as well,
we can start as much as we can.
But as as much as we can,
but that one easy way to start to receive
the price. Yeah. Yeah, of course.
The users in a certain way. But yeah,
we can have a look at that. Yeah,
because I think it's probably difficult
for you guys to articulate it as well,
you know,
so it's it's probably easier just to see
that. Yeah.
And then the last question I was going to
ask about was a round prioritisation.
So I don't mean anything official, right,
but even within your team,
and particularly talking about month end,
because I know you can switch a little
bit at month end because your volumes go
up so much, maybe how you allocate work,
is there certain partners that you
prioritise,
is there certain levels of payments that
you prioritise?
And there might not be answers to that,
but just to have a think about it,
because it'd be good to help us
understand your thinking around how that
works so that we can understand how the
system can perhaps support that rather
than just having to do it on a reaction
basis.
We can maybe control some of it in a
proactive basis.
And then you're just dealing with other
stuff that comes in that's normally that
sits outside that.
And I think that's what I was saying
about thresholds or values or certain
partners or,
you know there might be and that might be
internally,
but you that might not be an officialized.
You know, because it's noisy over here.
We know what that's like.
It could be that that's a priority,
but not that I'm suggesting you put your
partners into platinum, gold, silver,
bronze.
But that any of those thresholds or.
Clients that you know are, you know,
maybe high value or what but but also you
know the knock on effect is reputation as
well you know bills and the way in which
he processes any of that matrix that can
aid I know probably the word auto
assignment sounds horrific that if it
lands there but.
To hold your peace,
it's never going to be.
That's not how it works.
It's just really taking that scheduling
off, you know, from you.
So it gets landed correctly and it can be
reassigned. It's not,
it's not an official.
You said you were going to do it.
You're doing it. It's not like that.
And I appreciate that there could be high
volumes for the.
The the person that's getting it,
that can put them off and become
overwhelming.
I also appreciate that and we can look at
that sort of cut off that once they've
got 10, that's enough. It gets rooted.
So there's the system can do all of that.
It's just really easing that that who's
doing,
what's taking away that initial half an
hour, 15.
Minutes of the day,
but it's already done with you.
It's in your queue and it becomes just
easier to manage the first time.
Obviously I can tell tell that it's
probably going to be, you know,
overwhelming, but once you get used to it,
it's actually a very powerful thing to,
you know, to have. I mean,
we generous a standard.
Obviously it can change depending,
but for basic way of working is just you
know.
But first come first served trying now
work on that. We would keep out.
I'll look out for anything that's much
urgent,
but we also check because one of our pet
fees is you always get people that just
say it's urgent and you're less blank.
I've always got a wee bit like.
Have to give a reason how to explain why,
but we'll keep on how I'll look out for
them and what would that?
What would an example of that be?
So would it be because it's due this
afternoon? Yeah, something like that.
It's going to be how it's going to get
settled if they get it tonight or,
you know,
companies about going to administration,
anything like that, the.
I'm finishing early tonight and whatever,
it's just like we occur yesterday that
urgent and urgent and urgent becomes
white. Nor you know,
they everything's urgent to an individual,
you know. And that's can be subjective.
So we said in some of the discussions all
week that part of the requests they can
you know what the.
You date, you know that becomes yesterday.
It's very urgent,
but you've said some very useful
categorization that administration what
it and they that could be captured.
And then as part of the Matrix in service
now it picks up of that.
That's all into a pot and then
prioritises for you.
So you don't have to scan through.
You know,
so it so it could be based on date and
those reasons that you mentioned that
they could,
there'll always be a certain level of
sense checking, right.
But the system can help that if we can
get those kind of key. Well,
we were discussing that the other day and
Louise was saying that.
Also, OK,
you don't want to make them complicated,
but now if there was something along the
lines of if it was urgent but they had
like a sort of drop down, yes,
exactly of now you have to see one or the
other. Yeah.
That's the kind of stuff that we can
control on the way back.
And then when because what we ask and
they're quite good at doing,
but what we've always asked for people
because you're always.
To be helpful,
but wouldn't ignore that that if
something that's urgent at the moment
lawn chair. Well,
you stay urgent at the start of subject
heading,
because sometimes they have really long
subject headings and they put it at the
end just with a viewpoint you don't see
it, so would always.
So we would like if that was almost a
default.
Yeah. So that it was always there.
You'd see it right away.
So they won't be writing urgent. It will.
It will just be prioritised based on
their selection.
And I know that they'll learn to get the
urgency,
but at least then you've got reasons why
you know particularly that they can't
pick administrative reasons or you know
it's.
Begin to add administration if it doesn't
exist, you know that would be an error,
but there if you can give us some example
though, that'd be very helpful.
It's just in thinking around with Canis
and that it was really helpful.
There's a wider benefit because this team
is in the middle and then you have Rama,
who might not know. I mean,
who might if if they have the same rack
status?
This is all the, you know, urgency,
statuses and all. It helps them,
but then once they finish billing,
it helps E billing to pick up those
urgent ones quickly.
So there's a wider impact of having this
correctly done.
So that's the kind of thinking we're
trying to help spark here I suppose is
you will have those scenarios,
you'll know them.
They're just not written down anywhere.
And we haven't actually categorised them.
That's what we're trying to do through
this and that's the connections we do
need to kind of broader finance
prioritisation because then it is an end
to end cycle here.
So we need to have it consistent across
each of those functions as well.
So just a question Jill though when you
say we should have these scenarios mapped
out, do we need it for the user stories,
I mean how urgent do we need?
Yeah, I'm.
We do need it for the user stories.
It doesn't have to be the first set of
user stories. I've got some time for you.
We can work on that as long as we're the
service. And then we go. OK,
how do I prioritise a service?
I can come and do it later as well
because you'll be writing the story,
you know. You know,
as I want to do the following with that,
prioritise it.
So it's not and it forms the basis.
So the functional spec,
but it's the it's and it's the layers of
it, saturation through the process, right.
So we'll look at it first and we'll or we
didn't think about that or that's
prompted me to think that and it's just
understanding what things we're focusing
on just now.
And it sounds like this is one that we
can, yeah.
And you picked up a good point that
actually.
It's urgent because it's urgent,
but as you said on ramas,
it might be a low priority and you're
linking them actually,
although you don't deem it in urgent.
Actually,
can you readjust your priority because
it's really high priority for us and
therefore you need to up your priority
you know,
so they can be linked so they're not
mutually exclusive.
Overall story to be told for one
particular client. Yeah. No,
I I think because I want to test the
scenarios for all right,
it's you've been soon washing it
throughout the whole.
I had a sleep nest night because of our
discussion of yesterday and Julie's point.
It's really important that it's a fine
ask finance approach to those because.
A lot of need the information from each
team so we can standardise it. Yeah,
because we need to.
What we were talking yesterday.
There has to be few examples where end to
end is tested. Right?
So like cashiers and everybody will be
involved in that scenario. So yeah.
And and test it with.
Those that complex but don't test it with
happy part. You know test it with those.
Those ones that make you you know,
walk to the coffee machine. Yeah, exactly.
I mean that's that's the key to it is
that, you know, try and break it.
Does it work?
Does it change the party where are the
bottlenecks? That's what.
That we really, you know, want to push.
So you're getting a standard I service,
but you're pushing the functionality of
the system to aids yourself just
conscious of time.
Do we need to move on to the next set?
Yeah. We can move on. I mean, I mean,
even though they might be sound like
we're doing conversation by conscience,
that it does feed into when we come in to
manage the invoices.
We've got that information,
so we won't be repeating it,
but it's very helpful.
And purging time coming the same way.
So should we move on to the manage
invoice?
I mean we can have a quick break if you
want before we start,
but maybe we'll flag it up and we can see
the sorts of things and I captured,
you know I saw that you've got.
Split you've got and.
Let me just have a quick look.
There was a whole list of ego draught
invoicing, write offs, reversals, project,
billing, group billing,
the whole science in itself so but
equally I've just wanted to touch upon
maybe if we have a quick break for drink.
Something for 10 minutes we can come into
it,
but it really is that sort of there's
probably a I'm hoping a sort of a new
that comes in new,
it's work in progress close.
You know that's sort of very high level
and then we can break down those
scenarios maybe there's a.
A Crest for approval or we need to change
something,
but they're tasks within the overall top
layer. You know that happy path?
These are the really easy, simple billing.
Proform is complete.
Everything's complete. Great.
I've assigned it.
They're working and it's closed.
Complete perfect.
And then everything else.
That that testing of it can come from
that,
but I've taken it that that's sort of
high level and then we've got these
actions and scenarios and hand offs that
might have to happen,
but should we have a quick break and then
tackle is that is that OK with you?
Would you like to do that or do you want
to just get straight into it just?
No, I mean I'm using. OK, do you have?
What should we do? Yeah, so.
Happy to happy to have a comfort break if
that's if that's OK.
Yeah. OK,
1010 minute break and come back at 10:45.
Perfect.
Thank you everybody.
Thanks.
No, seriously, I get that.
OK.
Hi team, we're all back on.
OK, let's do.
Are you wanting it? Yeah, we're here,
Mark. We're just about to start.
Yeah, no worries.
Just letting you know we're back on.
Oh.
No, I was just going to plug it in.
That was all. Yes, please.
Oh yes, I think that'd be helpful. OK,
that'd be great. OK,
we're going to start manage invoice,
which will probably take a bulk of our
conversations.
I think this was half of your processes
and that's probably the reconciliation
and things that we've discussed.
Already, but this is probably the bulk,
so you just want to describe that as we
said this morning that you get the pro
forma is raised by the P and then how
that then triggers your next stages and
how that comes into you.
So let me just start with that happy path.
So you've got a new query.
For the for the billing kind of raise an
invoice and then creation.
So maybe you could just describe.
Well then we go line by line,
so you've got the pro forma has been done.
It comes in to you,
do you deem that sort of term it simple
billing,
maybe we should start with simple billing
and how that comes in, so who requests it,
how you capture it?
What information do you need?
And as it lands with your team? Yeah,
well,
the most basics simple billing is is see.
Ideally that's supposed to come in
through the three E simple billing
approval,
but some will still come through via
e-mail and that would just be a case of.
You know the matter number.
It may even be just getting build up.
What value occasionally that just build
all and it's just like everything on it
build it all as is and sent to us and
that's as simple as you.
So essentially in three they will trigger
that process for you. Is that right?
Is that how the PES trigger it?
And then you come and then you get a
ticket into chair world today and then
you pick it up, is it approved?
So it comes in as approval for for
billing if it comes if it comes through 3
E, we don't get anything through share.
Well, OK,
so there's two separate two separate
processes.
All were replaced through share well and
those that are sitting on free on more
sort of like action list on more
dashboards,
that's the majority of your activity when
you're working in three for those,
is that right? Yeah.
On that one doing them so.
That would be some of those will still
come through e-mail as well.
It's it's always a wee bit of we will
accept both,
but it's encouraged to send you know your
most simple ones through 3E,
but that's probably,
I mean that's as simple as you could get.
Would you agree just you know?
Fellow as is other ones,
it may just be yard building all but,
but they don't.
They don't say Bill or I mean that's a 3E
activity. The fact that they've clicked,
so they've done the pro forma, no,
they would need to state that in it.
But OK, yeah,
there's like a sort of field box that.
They they can either attach.
Is he a billing guide or just
instructions,
or there's a sort of internal comments
box on and in that it's usually that or
the with dental information and some the
literally will just write below.
Others would see, you know, Bill.
Bill fees of 20,
000 either carry forward balance or write
off balance.
How our bill X amount fees plus all
disbursements or Bill X amount fees,
but write off disbursements.
That's all three E activity that doesn't
land in Cheryl today. Yeah.
And I'm just thinking that's probably,
you know, you're in three E constantly.
Presumably that's your landing page.
What the hell? That you know,
stays in there. I mean,
it's probably a conversation as we go
into. Yeah.
So I think the stuff that comes through
the last action list just we don't we
don't cover any of that just now it's not
in share. Well, purposely for that reason.
It's just the other stuff that comes
through e-mail. We just need.
So it's stuff that then hits you. Yeah,
so we've been.
So get similar requests along that same
basis of again just coming in with ensure
will they might attach a billing guide or
a draught.
So how do they trigger that differently
in 3E today,
how it's just a sort of personal
preference on?
Whether how they want to request it,
some will use the simple pro forma
approval processors on 3E.
Others will just send an e-mail into
billing going now how can you again Bill
all in this invoice or bill all but at X
amount fees?
Etcetera.
Raises the question or challenging it
that it's a preference,
personal preference,
but should they be using the three E
functionality to say I'm not,
I'm not diverting that actually diverting
these queries, yeah.
But I'm just thinking that if that is the.
Operation that they're doing or can do in
the functionalities there should they
should they?
Shouldn't they be using that
functionality rather than
circumnavigating it?
Sounds through raising your request.
Ideally, yes,
we try to encourage it and we do have
that we have got a category of ensure
well.
Which we use where if we have gone back
to to see good,
can you submit this through for the E
please a lot of the times we don't
because especially seeing one vend and
it's really busy so share wheels and how
we've got it now just so many tickets.
The time we might get down to that ticket
and see, oh,
you should really have submitted that
through sheet a 3E.
If we then go back to them three ES
already got hundreds already sitting
waiting.
They're going to go really back to the
end of the queue. So instead of being.
Now, just awkward. We would action it,
but on maybe if we support it,
maybe really early on we how we will
sometimes go back.
The problem with with the 3E ones,
there seems to be confusion sometimes
with the P ES and as much as we explained.
As what comes under simple billing for
them to do it so quite often they'll
submit one through 3 E that which we have
to return back just because they either
want to be issued as a split bill or
something like that, and we can't do that.
Just the the the way they've sent it in.
So we need to see send an e-mail and so I
think sometimes they just don't get it.
So they just go, I'll send an e-mail.
Yeah, let's look in a check. Sorry,
Julian. So I was going to say,
is it do you have like some FAQs,
knowledge.
So let's say I'm as I'm brand new Tasha,
so I'm going to be a.
I'm have to do all the the bills as well.
How would I know that?
I need to simple in billing or I need to
split this one or there might be
different matters and I need to, you know,
consider that into the bill as well.
How do I do that?
We've got we a sort of a hence tips check
box that we.
Well,
we don't send them out to every new PE
because we don't know when new PES come
in.
But the OPS team as far as what we're do
because every PE get it and it gives a
sort of explanation of what's not a
simple bill like what should come into EE.
What not to, but again, I'm, you know,
it's probably overloads that they get and
by the time they're doing bills they,
you know,
they they look at now I think there's an
opportunity to push that to people.
Yeah.
Obviously when they're coming to service
now and show them that information.
Yeah, actually,
do you know you can do this directly on
three E like that tape method.
I think it needs to be soft because it's
that wider behaviour piece, right?
We can't switch it off.
We will need to still provide the the
option, but hopefully as we progress,
Yeah.
The the the one of the questions that
went through my mind then is if you could
we can change that.
wave a wand and say what would be the
most consistent way you'd want to get it
anything through what would that be?
Would that be via controlled form or
would that be via three?
Because it sounds like there's issues and
complexities where they come through the
three E route.
Or whether they sling an e-mail to you
directly.
So if you could wave a wand and say what
would be your ideal,
what would that look like?
But it probably sounds like if you're in
three E,
everything's in three E you work in 3 E
is that right? In Utopia world,
that's where it's living its life,
and you're getting the queries of them.
Yeah.
It sounds like that actually the ones
that you can do in three E you do,
because that's your all the bills.
All the bills have to be processed for
you, right? So.
Come out of that. Yeah,
the problems by the was request as.
Sorry, it's one sorry.
There was multi conversations and go on
go.
So with the ones that committed 3E,
so all we see on the action list is a
matter number and it times there will be
a value, but that's the total.
What value on that pro forma which?
We try to look at that at one end because,
but quite often you'll see oh 1,000,
000 and you open it up and it says,
can you build 20 and carry forward the
balance? And unfortunately,
once you've opened it up,
that shoe got that ticket,
it's assigned to you.
So you can't go in and have a quick view
to see or window at these requests.
Yeah, yeah.
So if they're urgent,
the PE then also has to send a safe
e-mail into us to say I've submitted a
request through 3E for master number blah
Yeah.
blah. It's actually urgent because again,
we can't see any of the information
unless we open the request and then it's
locked to you so.
That's actually.
So so GAIL,
that's why that's why I was asking the
question and I'll ask it again if you
could wave a wand, what would?
What would you really want?
Because it feels to me you'd want A1
doorway in consistently to give you the
ability to pick, choose, assign,
assess before it gets locked up, right?
Yeah, I mean my, if I had to choose,
I would probably just go everything come
in by e-mail just because you've got
better visibility of it also on the three
system would be ballot.
It automatically goes back to the PE and
it's almost like they get an e-mail,
but we have no visibility.
So even if we put a note on it saying XY
or ZA bit of information,
it doesn't appear in any sent items and
it doesn't show it's not to be found
anywhere in the E.
Yeah, so, so so.
And you can't see any of your records of
anything.
OK.
Mm-hmm.
Consistent form where you had all that
visibility your other folks could
Yeah.
potentially see that see that record if
required and what have you that feels
like that's the favourable route and
therefore it may be that there's we use
this opportunity to redirect so that you
don't have the challenges that you face.
With the E triggered mechanism,
you have the controlled route that says
if it all comes in,
you know via a controlled form you know
whether it's e-mail triggered or whatever.
But if you can steer the audience that
wants something out of you to go via that
route, it gives you more control.
Than any of the other elements.
So operationally it feels like we should
be trying to pursue that route for you
rather than you look to say what's
Yeah.
happening elsewhere.
Do you see what I'm coming?
Where I'm coming from?
I'm just thinking we're on the cusp of
being able to do something really smart.
Yep.
And if that's the best route,
then why don't we? You know,
it's like forcing everybody to come
through the side door if that's the best
way to get people in in,
then let's route them that way.
Just just to my point.
Yeah, it's totally.
I think it's probably something we just
need to be mindful of because it's a
change to the process before it gets to
us because you obviously have people
where P ES partners,
whoever it is that will have access to be
able to go in and raise those bills
directly in three E so it's probably just
more of a change piece around how we
manage that.
Because it's a change outside of.
Ask around how that comes in,
but I suppose there is also conversations.
I'm not saying it's not doable,
it's just something we need. You know,
I suppose there's always also
conversations around.
If we manage that traffic through service
now and whatever form it is and we start
getting all our bills in there,
is there a way that we can then automate
and talk back to three E so that these
guys are the gatekeepers to be able to
see this is urgent,
whatever the criteria is?
And then that information can get put in
a three,
so they're not double key in that.
I suppose that's the other.
I know it's an integration,
but it's just something we should
consider as a use case. Yeah.
So if we are going to use service now,
I was going to add,
it sounds like free E should be the place
to do it.
But because of the limitations and the
the inability to track and get the.
Transparency you need.
That's where you're going actually with
e-mail.
I can then start to get all of those
places and I can track it and look at all
these different requests coming in.
So we know obviously there's going to be
updates to three.
I don't know what if those I was going to
see is that sort of stuff.
I'm getting no idea.
Something we can check.
Yeah, Alex,
to help us with in that wider integration
piece and conversation,
but it it make it makes sense because
we've also got another issue when it
automatically goes back to whoever
submitted it.
I've seen that appear especially at one
vendor. Maybe somebody from like the hub,
who I know some do like 70 in the House,
7 in the morning, 60 clocks up shifts,
so they're then off. So it's again,
it's went back to them. So no,
the partner doesn't see it or if they go
on holiday,
you know it's you mean like any.
Updates directly through 3 E go to them,
so you have got no sight of it. Yeah.
Or again, if we've got a query.
If if they they have submitted at the end
correctly we've got the option,
we just turn it back to them.
But again if they've then when let's say
they're off SEC or something,
but you don't get an out of office,
it's you don't get updates.
The area. They know what? Yeah. Yeah.
Just just. Yeah. On that piece.
Obviously we've been chatting to some of
the core systems teams this week in terms
of integration opportunities and how we
would exchange it and where from etcetera.
And there is challenges there as well
around some of the moratoriums and change
that we have because some of those
platforms themselves are under.
Go and you know a piece of work similar
to chairwell.
So I think we the key thing is that we
identify the opportunity. However,
it may be a future phase and you know I
think Jill, you and I have,
you know being studying a few things.
Yeah, agreed.
I think it's just it's like the and I
think.
I just spoke to the young chap there
about it yesterday.
It's one of the things that would be
really good on these processes is to
understand the whole kind of racy piece
because there's a lot of stuff where,
you know,
you guys are taking accountability,
but actually it's elsewhere and it would
just be quite good to to highlight that
because if we are all meeting workflows.
I was at least wanting a person
accountable to see it in parallel with
somebody who's actually delivering.
I think that goes along with some of the
work that's happening in service design
around global process owners etcetera.
So it's all it's happening in tandem.
We just need to make sure it's we just
need to make sure it's a connected
conversation and that's what a lot of
stuff we're doing.
We like to the three teams that.
I think, Alex,
what we need to understand is that is the
functionality going to be there on the
upgraded 3 E version or not? Yeah.
So if the upgrade,
obviously one of this we had a chat with
him yesterday, we know PTP,
PTP for example what's coming and that's
taking functionality out of three.
Yeah,
the new version of three does bring some
opportunities around the APIs etcetera.
However,
we have whether they'll be resource to
facilitate using that you know with the
timelines that we're under in terms of
constraints for next September.
Yeah.
Everything, everything else is saying.
I don't check if you can,
just checking who's around here,
but my sorry I didn't do that.
I just spoke.
But you you were diplomatic and we had
couple of finance related sessions.
I'm sorry. I'm off track over here.
We realised actually,
everybody realise there are
functionalities already existing in 3E
right now with the current version,
which we are not using,
which doesn't need anybody to kind of do
any.
What do you call the the build or
anything?
It is just a mere knowledge gap from a
technical perspective,
so we could be using those,
but we are not technical meanings from a
configuration and setup point of view
correct from from totally from.
Three perspective, yeah.
So maybe we can part that.
You know exactly as a whole. Again,
I would really like to see that list of
stuff because if these going through an
upgrade programme and speak,
we have to speak to Chris on Monday,
he has a list already on the working
capital side because yesterday,
so paric and Mark are listening within.
Content as well to to that.
So because that was a surprise,
he's beaten. So they. Yeah. Yeah,
because the like, what we received was oh,
Yeah.
it's already there why you're not using
it? Yeah,
I think that's a good challenge to make.
But maybe if I can just park as we don't
Yeah.
grow arms and legs probably we probably.
Oh it's not a three-year workshop.
I was just.
I was just going to say let's let's. Yeah,
exactly. Let's park it.
I think that the principle is where we
Yeah.
think there's an opportunity.
We need to to Alex Point,
just record it and then we'll explore it.
But Santee,
that wasn't A and these things are great
to raise here because you know,
we and then we can just capture them all.
I don't want to cut you off at the past,
but it's, you know, I think raising them,
we've raised quite a few this week.
We've seen the opportunities that can be
had.
But so I didn't I know that we can sit
here all day. We should park it.
But there is a fun.
So you can just park them. As I said,
we should definitely park it and keep it
and look at that use case,
but that actually could have a
fundamental way in which we might build
some of our services as well because of
the functionality that you might be
missing. So yes,
but let's let's take away and have a look.
But that also informs our design.
So we just need to be very conscious of
that.
Definitely don't want us building
something in service.
Now if there's a 3D capability that.
It's not using. You're paying for it.
You might. You should really be using it.
Platform is no it has been upgraded,
but it's not going anywhere.
So if it does have a native capability,
we should definitely use that. Yeah,
it sounds like. I mean,
this is where you do your.
This is where it lives and breeds three
years. I mean.
So it's now it's to age your queries.
Help you do this quiz,
but you're in three where you're living
and breathing.
It's where the information is.
It's your Alex. I can feel that your data,
you know, that is correct and complete.
But this is just another fairly long
rabbit hole that we're running down here
talking about CE and everything else.
But all I'm really keen in is that we use.
This programme,
because it touches in so many of the
processes around the whole business,
to surface some of these challenges so
that there can be a decision made on them
because we can choose to ignore it and do
nothing and continue to go in as we are,
or we can look to be make it a part of a
later phase. We can do many, many things.
But the key thing is unless we tilt.
Decision makers.
They need to make a decision. Yeah.
Life will just continue as normal and
then back to everything else.
So these queries, as Mark alluded to,
is like really driving that as much
information into as you said it had a
value, but they only want to pay trend,
you know, so it's.
If we look at prioritisation metrics of
this is a really high value.
We'll do this one,
but yet they only want a very minimal
percentage of it to be paid.
You know you can you can capture that
upfront from the PE that effective date,
the value that it is,
you know leading questions that can then
form part of the FAQ.
Queues and you're guiding them through
and it could be that actually the result
is. You can do this yourself,
but actually and then it or and then it
lands with yourself.
So that can be an upfront knowledge guide
or FAQ guide to guide them in that
direction.
As you said that you often go back or you
can go back to and say you could have
done this yourself in three.
Continue the process so that query form
at the front end can be leading as well
as capturing a lot of the information,
but it's those pieces of information if
you can share with us or just say they
are mandatory that we need,
we absolutely have to have them.
And then there's the others that.
We also need in order for our reporting
or our downstream processes. Yeah,
so that's how it lands with yourself.
Yeah. OK. Happy with that.
So then so now they've captured it and OK,
they're not going to do in three.
It lands with yourself and you've got the
information. It's probably that next step.
It lands with the team.
We could talk about auto assignment.
We've discussed that and sensitivity
around that and then the person picks it
up. What do they do next?
What's the activities involved from your
side? Yeah. Well,
the bit virtually either access a pro
forma if one has been generated.
Can I ask is it tends to be that you
would need a pro forma or is it all
always should exist for them?
Is that a rule? No, they they don't.
If they submit it through free then they
they they have to create a pro forma it
wouldn't be possible.
For e-mail requests coming in,
they don't have to have generated a pro
forma, should they though? I mean it's a,
it is part of the process is what I'm
saying.
It depends on all of it because they
could just know that, you know,
they've already agreed that this matters.
Getting billed at X amount the how.
On the completion, so then they,
they wouldn't necessarily have to create
a building guide because they might have,
they would just know how full details are
correct.
So we would go in and just have a quick
check. If there's no pro forma there,
we would a generate 1 and then go in and
just.
Bell as pay instructions received.
Does it say which? There's an opportunity.
I was thinking there's an opportunity
that was part of that leading leading
questions that they do that for. I mean,
if they can do it and they can do it
rather than you do it,
it's a sort of an activity that is pre
billing that should be in place is what
I'm saying.
I mean, it's not important.
I'm just thinking that it could be part
of the knowledge transfer kind of like in
theory, yes,
and probably for the more simple ones.
But I think sometimes for the comprehend
on the request,
like trying to think an example without
going into too much detail,
but see if there was maybe several pro
formas on that same math.
And there's some time on what sometimes
be included.
It sometimes may be actually easier for
us to have control for doing the check at
the same time. Yeah, presumably.
And again, sometimes that's a thing.
It's kind of like what we're saying about
if it's a simple request or a complex
request,
the requester might not actually know.
In that instance,
like it's how maybe did they interpret
that as a sample or complex request?
So I just I wouldn't want to fit them
when you need to undo it. Yeah.
And you're checking it anyway because
you're even if you get them,
you're checking them anyway.
Presumably you know. Well,
we still have to go into the perform
access and perform app.
As the billing instructions or just check
is there any any details on the pro forma
that you absolutely need to progress or
without it and it's only something PE or
partner or someone else would know that
unless it's there I'm going to be able to
process your your bill as well.
It sounds like the reverse,
that you don't get hardware.
Maybe if it was a if it's an E billing
client and once you're in the proof,
there's a sort of tick tick box in within
the pro forma for E billing clients which
is set up at matter level,
but the PE doesn't ticket,
which creates a pro forma.
So our first sort of thing we do is check
that and if it's E billing,
we would then go and check what the E
billing requirements are for that client,
because they all vary.
I mean most often or not,
they generally need a sort of P1 matter
ID, but not always.
So we'll go and check what they are.
And then check if they provided them to
us.
So when you say day as in the PES or the
partners or the yeah,
whoever's requested then voice. Yeah.
Is that something that we can capture
upfront then in terms of the request to
make sure that that if we're not going to
do a consistent pro forma for everyone
then.
How do we ensure that we are getting the
right information that we need as
absolutely essential if you want me to
process as quickly as possible,
I think we captured something because I
think in E billing I think I know on E
billing on Monday they had the non PO and
PO there was,
there was lots of that varieties that we
picked up that we can incorporate into
that that process as well that we saw on
Monday.
And that differentiation,
what was captured at that level?
I think they went through all those PO
versions in E billing. Yeah. Yeah.
There's a lot of things I think quite
often. I mean,
they would probably said that themselves
that were the PS don't always know if the
client is to get E billed.
And they don't know what the requirements
are.
So and you always have them again trying
to push them through it,
one fence and then it's you're like,
where's the PO or XY and Z?
Whatever it is, they go and,
like quite often they might come in and
say they just want a front page invoice,
which should just, you know.
The basic invoice to the client,
but with no backup material but with some
of the E billing clients,
most of them that is a requirement that
has to be detailed breakdown.
So you have to go back and check and
again that as the.
Probably odd occasion where it has been
agreed or load set up as an E billing
client that this particular invoice
doesn't need to get E billed,
so you have to get that they know that
it's an E billing client what they know
as part as it comes in.
I mean is it not that we could say so
very recently we have added a field on
the NBI form.
So technically going forward like since
six months,
you know whatever clients we have
onboarded,
yeah everybody should know because it's
ticked.
That's something we can capture up funds
to help you.
I don't think they usually do OK at the
minute, yeah.
No. Yeah, now in September go live,
they might because what was a bit of a
pain that whether that the billing guides
that they do generate,
they don't ever even mention if it's a
rebilling client.
So there's nothing on there on that
information to tell them. Remember,
that's the track that's maybe something
that.
Yeah, I think it's it's.
It's still better than it used to be.
Yeah. And because it also, I mean,
I'm covering E billing over here,
but it it triggers the E billing guys to
be on boarded on the clients portal as
well. Yeah,
we did that on boarding process on Monday.
Yeah, it's also a cumbersome process.
Yeah. A prerequisite for that. OK,
so it's landed with you.
Check E billing.
We can capture that upfront and check
that the pro forma maybe there wasn't one,
but then you generate that billing guide
and that stays in three E,
correct all that that attachment stays in
the system there?
Is that correct? Yeah. Well, it's always.
Yeah, it's always on three.
But if it's if it's not submitted yet,
it's still a three, like, you know, proof.
Yeah, the bill.
If they've provided a billing guide,
it's but the billing guide doesn't look
saved on three.
It's just attached to the request that
they've sent to us. But the one.
That you then generate,
it stays on three E is that where there's?
So I'm trying the billing guide wouldn't
stay is where they're stored currently or
no if if they submitted a request through
3 E they've got an option on that for
attachments and if if they included a
billing guide with that.
Submitted request,
it would be saved on that pro forma on 3E,
but if it's a request through share,
well designed it the and that building
guys provided it's just attached to that
share well ticket and that's.
When do they get stored?
I mean in Cherwell today,
but you they would just remain.
I'm just thinking that if you're
generating it where they get stored, well,
if we generate the pro forma,
we don't create a billing guide or just
generate and you would actually because
we have to get into the issue. Then boys,
you have to have a pro forma,
that's where you're.
You know,
OK and then you attach it back to show
all that ticket is that what you're
saying that it's what you we would then
go back on share what share will reply
back and attach the invoice to the
request.
I can't say share invoice so that would
be then in service.
Now as you're supporting everything yeah.
OK great.
OK, next cheques. What else you do?
We would then. I mean,
we've quite a few check.
We've got some automatic cheques just
within the system of just because three
sometimes go a bit funky,
making sure that the actual client.
But the the matter's been opened under
has the right client details address
details.
It's not pulled through the how I think
Monday we said are they active you know?
Are they? Yeah.
All those things like that we'll check
that.
Other things we wouldn't necessarily
check these,
but what some of them a instance if
there's like phases and tasks set up on a
matter,
then once they've set up a phase all time
on that matter has to have.
But one of those scenarios they are but
quite often.
The only apply they'll set it up and
they'll apply to some time and allows
them to.
It also allows them to create a billing
guide and and create a pro forma anyway,
but once it comes to us to bill,
we then get an error message and until.
Until the other entries that haven't yet
had a task assigned to them are completed,
we can't move forward, but a formal check.
So what I'm saying is that a formal check
it's more like we could formalise that
checklist.
You know that you have so that when
you're in that ticket, you're checking,
you know, the pro formal,
you're checking the deeds.
Yeah. You know, just so that they're OK.
So you don't want it to be this long list
because you probably do 50,
but it's just this overall check that,
you know, if you're working on something,
you can always say, oh gosh, you know,
what was that or if it's reassigned,
you know, needs help from your,
they know exactly.
The last bit to check or you know it
could be handed over for whatever reason.
It's just that ability.
I know that you tend to be working in one
ticket. It's just easier. I mean,
we do have an automatic internal team
cheques for older players, I think.
I'm sorry, I'm getting who is the next?
Well, we wouldn't sort of.
You wouldn't reassign it to someone and
say, could you finish it off? I mean,
there might be an odd time you have to
because it's quite a complex one and you
know you're off,
but the cheques sort of automatic cheques
anyway. So the assumption would be.
To be quite honest, if you'd signed it,
if I signed a ticket,
then to Louise that I was halfway through,
she might automatically do those cheques
just on now because you do it.
But she would,
our assumption should be that I've
already done them anyway.
If I've already been working on it,
I suppose I'm just capturing the types of
activities that you do, you know.
They could just be a ham.
You don't want to check.
You don't want to check box for checked
address. Check mail.
You know you don't want hundreds of,
but it's just an overall that the person
working on the ticket has done these
cheques three or four of them as part of
the as part of the overall process.
And then you would have that live check
because I think you call them live check
and you do that on everything or a
certain value.
Have you guys got any live cheques set up
like business assurance,
that's the ones we just do think children
back on that because we only do them on
the action list.
And it doesn't. She does that in bulk.
Does she? Is that? Is that the she does?
I'm getting mixed up now. The live check.
There's there's a sample cheques.
Is it my team? She does.
Is that the sample ones?
They do the live cheques we do within the
team. Yeah. Take that away. Right.
I'll double check.
Exactly live cheques from the perspective.
I think. What you're.
Into the areas though it's like a self
check rather than somebody passing it on.
Yeah, we just got.
That's our automatic process.
Like when we go when it's just check now
as a client name and put an address it
should be.
But we just have additions when it
doesn't.
So we automatically create a process that
the bats pulling through correctly you
know the.
Yeah, all that,
it's just it's some basic cheques that we
just kind of just like an overall kind of
sense check rather than it being,
but it probably actually touched upon
that, that,
that you know they're mandatory,
I mean the fact that that may be
addressed, you know,
for compliance and regulatory issue, OK,
it might have been the wrong address and
it impacts.
But the VAT has to be has to be correct.
Yeah. The VAT number has to be correct.
You know,
there's some things that are regulatory
as opposed to, OK,
the address might be slightly off by you
know number of building or whatever.
But there are some fields as you say that
are probably good to check.
You check the vats.
Checked the amount,
checked the and the check the client D
you know onboarding details, address,
etcetera. We'll see the check the address,
it's not checked because we wouldn't know
if the address is correct or not.
But you've looked at it,
the address exists all we're sort of
checking is that the the actual client.
Name for that matter,
that's been opened under that the client
name is pulling through onto that address.
The actual sort of country of that.
So we've got that that we know that the
VAT again the sort of two tax area is
matching.
Clients address that's pulled through
just because we'd or do we glitches in
the past where it went a bit wrong.
So it's being correct is pulling through,
yeah.
So maybe we could formalise some of that
checklist and then signed it off and then
so no live check at that point it's just
self checking and then you close the.
Close the ticket. Is that correct?
Or is it any other approvals or anything
else you need to do to it? We don't.
Not really.
The approval is required for us.
Somebody you know,
if you're asking for an invoice,
you'll get one.
If it's all the information there and
it's ready to be billed where we have to
go back sometimes, as you know,
with queries.
If it is the E billing and if not gives
the correct information,
or if they've came back and said that
that we want a different address and it's
not set up,
or they want the rates changed again,
we need forward to rates team or yeah,
we captured lots of that yesterday.
We want some funds applied to it if
there's funds.
Client funds set and they might want it
settled in full and part paid.
I think that probably comes to the next
stage not to cut you off is the fact that
if there was no activity,
so you've gone through the cheques.
It's all good. Yes,
you would then just close.
I suppose I'm just coming up to that.
Have you then close complete it.
And then the requester knows that the
invoice has been generated in 3E.
So if we're notifying them back,
the request said PE from ServiceNow,
they get that notification that it's been
done and if the and is then the invoice
for them presented in 3E.
Is that where it gets generated it was,
it isn't, it's generated.
Three and saved in three,
but we send them APDF copy of it so they
wouldn't go to free to find it.
Could it be rather than attaching it to
service that you know because it it's
being mastered in 3E?
The notification would say your invoice
is available in three E to view.
No,
they would go for a rocker to be honest.
If we went,
if we were telling them to go and find it,
we we give them invoice. Yep. OK.
And again we're also if it is an E
billing is another example of what was an
E billing one when we send it back to the
PE, we would also.
I mean,
I think again with the upgrading 3,
that's probably going to change a bit,
but at the moment we will copy in the E
billing team so that they've got,
they know that they can now, OK,
so if they're billing you,
they would then be notified so that all
could be they could be automatically
notified at the same time,
just go back to that PDF because I'm
conscious of things being in two
different places.
In order to notify them so when you press
close complete,
it doesn't have to be the actual invoice.
It could be a thumbnail or it could be
APDF because it's being it's in three E
isn't it?
But they could have a thumbnail of that
invoice.
Or what do the PS then do with that?
That's for their information only
essentially.
So that's their invoice.
So if they then send it to the client,
I think they probably send them most by
e-mail.
They e-mail the client with a cop that
PDF. So that's the actual copy.
So you've taken it from three attachment
to notification and then they get send it.
OK yeah, that's good.
And then that was the three steps.
So you get it. It's work in progress.
Close. I'm aware.
Then lots of stories that you just said
is that you might have to reverse it.
You might have to split it.
You might have to send it to rates and
maths. You know, there were lots in there.
Maybe I can just grab a few.
I mean,
I think these are mainly reversals
actually, yeah, there was a cancellation,
I mean that might be a good you know
that's a good one to close off.
So that when you cancel the invoice so
you're working on it during those cheques.
What sort of reasons do you have for?
Cancel or what comes up often?
Why you have to cancel them?
Or are they requesting to cancel it?
Or if it comes as part of your cheques
and what you're finding that you cancel
it,
is that who that triggers that we would
generally,
I mean we could cancel and we we would
maybe cancel an invoice during that
process if we.
Serialised, oh,
a pit bell and I forgot to change the fee
amount, so as soon as you've done it,
we would quickly reverse it and that's an
error of an active. Yeah. Yeah,
that's just internal one.
But actual requests for reversals would
generally.
We generally always come from for
cancellations tends to be something
internal,
but and then requests for reversals. Yeah,
it could be like now,
can you cancel this invoice in the issue?
Occasionally,
just with a new date because they haven't
sent it out,
or they've decided to uplift the fees a
bit more or reduce the fees, or XY or Z.
OK, so cancellation.
I mean there's two terminologies and it
almost cancel is.
No act no further action.
We've taken it off the the queue where
it's reversal might be there needs to be
some activity because of a mount or
something,
but it still could have subsequent
activities.
I mean you'll have cancel and
cancellations back to WEP.
You might have a cancellation where
they've decided,
actually we're just writing off all the
time or you've got, then you've cancelled.
And at the issue with new instructions
that might be it,
they've realised they build the wrong
entity and they've opened a new matter or
we now need a third party here,
so many different.
Scenarios, but yeah,
I would say as well like in in terms of
like cancellation and reissue in terms of
terminology,
they probably use them kind of
interchangeable.
So they might say cancel an invoice,
but what they mean is for us to go in and
reverse it. Yeah,
and that that's what we are trying to get
to that term is that they are as kind of
separate council is.
You know error might be error related or
for other as a cancellation back to whip.
You know you could get that root cause
but reversal is another subset.
Another activity presumably get.
So we don't want they don't want in the
same it's the same same you have to.
You have to cancel or reverse whatever
terminology you need to actually reverse
that invoice,
and when you first reverse it,
it's all reverse back to pro forma status
right away,
which should then either go in and.
Depending, or if it's a different amount,
just rework on that pro forma or you make
that pro forma dormant and the time
either goes back to WIPP or you then
generate a new one and transfer,
you know whatever they want you to.
And I think we will put in this kind of
categorise some of those those ways.
So we can then differentiate it for.
If you're submitting it and yeah,
so I've got reverse pro forma reverse
back to whip reverse.
You know we if it's that's the status of
it or the action that is on that invoice
we could categorise that activity. Yeah,
it's more about the outcome of what they
want from that request coming in.
So that when you capture that.
Yeah,
because I think we've got quite a few.
I think if you hit on the initial view
reversal seem to take up,
but we could then categorise those of you
know and then the actions that come out
of them and then do they come.
Just to finalise that they could be off
your queue so intro will say when you
happen are they effectively considered
closed complete and then so a new query
comes in or on the back of that you're
kept it open and you'll you'll follow the
loop.
So if it goes back to WIPT that's been
reassigned that's gone.
Back to performer is that that's also off
your queue or you're waiting for a new
one.
It will come pin because sometime the
just that they will see can you have just
reversed that back to pro forma and
they're obviously just going to go and
rework on it if that's all they've told
us to do, we would close it off.
The will at times say.
Can you reverse that invoice?
Someone I'm in the process of getting a
new matter opens or or they might say.
Can you reverse this invoice and reissue
on matter XYZ?
And we'll go to process process and then
as we get through,
we'll notice that the matter's not fully
opened yet. It's maybe still pending.
So we would probably keep that open.
We would go back to them and say,
you know, we've reversed it.
We've transferred the time you're matters
pending, let us know.
You know, once it's completed,
then we'll so you can put your invoice.
At that stage you can put that on hold.
Maybe you know it's a reversal on hold
reason why so it's not ticking off your
queue.
So you can say actually we're waiting
awaiting further you know and you can
have those on that OK and just to sign
off that so and then when you take it off
on hold, how do you get?
Inferred.
Are you watching it or would be you get
sort of like journals like any you'd if
it's the tickets for you and then once a
new e-mail comes in, an update on that,
let them come in saying that's the matter
opened.
It would appear then whoever it's
assigned to is like unread journals and
you go in and check them and go.
Oh, that's then come back.
So you could have that on the input we
saw yesterday on the employee board for
the requester because they're not going
to get emails.
They'll have their and they can send a
note to you to say this is done and they
can take off, taken off hold,
trying to think about the white
terminology then.
And then processed and then you go
through the that checklist again and then
presumably go through that check address
and then close complete. Yes. OK.
So we can capture those reversals and who
they're assigned to or closed off your
queue,
all on hold awaiting further instructions
and then close complete.
Yeah, that's good.
Any other scenarios are there,
they're probably always a pain .
1 that you think anything one's your
order. One's certainly is.
That can't see that. Oh, no. OK,
if you just scroll to the top,
then we're just on reversals just to
close out. If you go a bit further up,
I think there's a handful. Yeah.
So there's cancellation,
we talked about invoice reissue,
you know that could be captured as a
category reissue with financial you know
they are you start as you start to test
them against the categorization,
they come in with the.
I mean most of them we almost.
Really now class them almost as that.
This you you know the same.
It's a cancellation regardless of what's
happening with it.
We're cancelling that invoice. I mean,
Louise does,
I don't know if it's on there yet,
you but you did your Goldman Sachs sort
of accredits which are sort of.
They're a kind of whole other. I'm not.
I don't know what?
That they're very complex.
Whole other issue that probably comes
into complex. Yeah,
which I've realised there's a whole new
science. There's lots more to come.
Rates of matter.
Yesterday I had rates of matter in my
head.
Like I thought there's always the next
layer.
OK, that's good.
Maybe you just Scroll down for me to just
I think so we're at the whip, nice,
happy path and then you've got some
further actions. I think there was split,
Bill,
does that also happen maybe you touch on
that phases and tasks?
I think have come up if that's another
action,
you know what we're trying to probably do
is standardise these workflows to capture
scenarios and it could be not that you
have to then go Oh my God,
it's not a split bill. I don't have to.
But if you select it,
there's a subsequent task that you might
have to do and you're capturing the
metrics on those or the actions.
That need to happen.
So should we talk about Split Bill,
is that the next? Are they? Yeah.
So how does that,
I mean that literally is probably as it
says, you know,
it's the fact that had has the PE found
it or is it something that you find
during your.
Will it come as a split bill query? Yeah,
yeah, the request. So yeah,
it would come in.
It's not an action that you find on the
back of something. No. Right. OK.
They they would just send the belt a
request in.
And generally all time will be on.
In most instances on one matter,
but it needs to be split between in most
cases. It's probably a Co client request,
so I think we had primary matter
yesterday and and there was like zinc
unlink. That's a wee bit different. Again.
Now that's different that the primary
secondary ones know this.
Split ones away all the times recorded,
but it's been my eyes have lit up already.
Oh my God.
I can feel my teeth falling out or too
well.
So it's to get split between say
different core clients.
So we then need to what transfer sort of
percentage it could,
I mean it could be 5050 or it could be,
but the instructions come from the PA,
yeah, they'll come.
They have to play because we wouldn't
know. Yeah, we wouldn't know as long as.
Everything's all set up and we then need
to what?
Transfer X amount of values of WEP and we
usually need to click create a manual
breakdown matter is that a matter level
they do?
I mean do they do that at matter level?
Is that right or where do they do that
split where they send you know?
So if I was getting them to fill in that
request up it's a split.
Bill,
what information do they need to give you
the matter number and the matter? Yeah,
the matter,
the matter who it's getting split with
and and on what and what basis,
you know it might be they might say it's
a 50% share between them or it could
between four different clients and one
could have 50 percent 120.
It can vary.
Now just depends on what the agreement is.
It could be 1:00 to 1:00,
so it could be one client 5050.
They could add the next next client 70.
Yeah. It doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah. OK,
OK.
But we can give that that ability that
they can add further instructions.
In that and they would give you the
matter. Do you like to have the number?
I think yesterday I think, oh, yeah,
that's a number.
But it's so nice to have that. Four,
three, you know,
actually have the details rather than us
rather than you, the team trying to find.
That's quite handy. I mean,
quite often the world, but it's handy.
Also,
just if they give a little bit more
information about the matter number just
because all one matter numbers are so
similar,
which I think the four three you know
it's 1000. Yeah, exactly.
It's so easy to make. We can validate it.
You know against that we enter it
correctly rather than.
TBC yeah,
if we can validate against that format,
at least all the you know you've got a a
good starting point to go to. Yeah. Yeah.
But it's that's the main one. That's yeah,
definitely. Always the matter number.
And then we would just action on that
basis.
At the moment we will be treated as a
sort of separate manual breakdown of all
the time that we sort of move over to
excel.
We just set it all up so that then show
each entity will get a breakdown of what
all the time was and what each entity
shared was.
Phone has gone rather than having excel.
You could have those you know table and
ServiceNow that shows you because
otherwise you'll be working in another
parallel system.
Certainly that information can come to
you as a presented form.
Then it becomes your working place so
that you don't have to then because I do
then enter it into Excel and then work on
it. Yeah,
we would sort of export all the
information.
From three E&T excel,
OK and then sort of a right make it look
pretty OK because you're just getting a
subset of that information that you need
to work on and then you're working. OK,
that's fine. But you could have,
as you said,
if you capture as much information.
In the request,
then at least then you know which matter
to go to. Yeah. Yeah.
So they come in and do they have an
effective date on that or is it just now
you've got to do it from this date to
that date? Is it,
is it always moving forward or is it an
effective date that you it's just for and
it can change next month and then you
know it.
It just depends on the instruction.
I mean it might be all. It's only.
It's only particularly for that invoice.
So you're only splitting that bill for
that invoice that you're generating.
And next month it might be something
different. Yeah. I mean,
if it was the same matter, chances are,
and the the request them each month it it
would probably be on that same basis
because that's probably what they've
agreed.
But you know it it it could change.
It just depends on, OK,
what the agreement is with the the
clients, OK.
And so once it's saved in three that
becomes the default values for that for
those clients, yeah.
If we well again it could it could change
because OK it's it's a wee bit different
if we had.
Jump on we've we've got third party pair
bills and we sometimes have multi what we
call a multi pair where as varies. Yeah,
third parties and they'll be paying a
percentage and on that we would set that
up matter level. So FC the following.
Being monthly wanted another invoice in
that basis when the pro forma was
generated,
it would pull through those peers at
those percentages automatically,
but with actual split call client split
matters.
It's going against different matters and
it's different clients.
It's and.
They're all Co client split bills.
Is that how they are?
That's how you determine the Co client
split bills. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, OK,
sometimes there might be split bills,
but they're not Co client.
But it I'd say probably in most cases it
is Co client.
But the form that query form could
capture those exceptions where it isn't
Co client as well. You know,
depending on what we're asking them
upfront,
it would lead them into into that we
wouldn't. I mean again,
we wouldn't even always know if it's Co
client,
sometimes they tell you they don't have
to tell us it's.
But would they know that he might not
even know it again?
They're just following instruction from
their partner,
so they in some cases they will know,
and they'll mention that other cases? No,
they've just been told to ask for an
invoice based on this basis. OK.
All right.
And the terminology of whether it is Co
client or client is.
An added bonus,
but the fact that you have to follow that
instruction anyway with the details. OK,
that's helpful.
Yeah.
So then we've gone into.
So I was going to say is it an action off
the back of the happy path,
but it isn't that it's just a query that
comes into you that you then split the
bill,
do they have to get pre approval for that?
Is it assumed that the partners given
them the approval and they have to cheque
received approval you know they're not
acting on their?
Of course,
they're not acting on their own free will
to do it,
but it's the fact that they've you could
just check that, you know,
you don't have any supporting evidence
that you need.
We just need it that you it's an inferred
approval approval. OK.
But it could be just a a check box that
they.
You know, they're sort of stamping. Yes,
I've got that approval to move forward.
I mean, it's not officiated,
but it's the fact that it just sets that
tone, that it's an improved approved,
you know for this is also for an audit or
supporting evidence that.
The P can say it was approved, you know,
and it's just gives that audit trail that
everything they're asking has been
approved by their their partner,
as it were.
I think you'll actually find that a
partner from an SRE perspective has the
responsibility to ensure that his billing
is.
Accurate.
So he has a statutory responsibility,
which is probably one of the reasons why
they like to send the bill out ultimately.
So they they have a, you know,
a formal responsibility.
Whether they do that or not is a
different thing,
but they do have a formal.
Responsibility I believe to do that,
and I suppose it's just capturing that.
That's what I'm saying is rather than the
PE just sending a request there is that
check box that the approval has been
granted.
I think we're going to,
I think we should watch that we end up
creating an audit field that could fight
against us if that box isn't ticked,
because, well, it could be that it's not.
It doesn't get submitted unless I mean.
I know that they they just end up taking
it. I mean,
it's inferred in approval anyway and
you're just capturing that.
It's been approved.
You're capturing that inferred approval,
yeah.
I think it could be difficult because
again, we've got like,
I mean I can certainly park that with the
hub teams,
this sort of a team like assistance and
sometimes the PE will get an instruction
from the partner and she'll then forward
it on to them who might submit it to us.
So again, I think that.
Maybe be quite confused and then if
they're like, I don't know. OK. All right,
we can part that. But if it's some,
I mean it's certainly available that if
you wanted, yeah, that. But it. Yeah, OK.
If it opens up a minefield of, you know,
actually they did it and it wasn't.
And I don't know the approval and all
that, but it was.
Yeah, I just thought it would be worth,
you know,
whether you needed to seek that approval
and some of the things that we've done,
you know,
in cashew and particularly that vault of
all the money,
you know that approval trail had to be
very defined.
We there's not really much that we really
require, you know, like. Yes. Yeah.
I think we've only got it right.
And we've got one instruction.
Yeah, as you said,
probably under the SOA that approval is
is built into those processes anyway,
and you're generating those invoices. OK,
that's good. I'm not jumping,
I'm just trying to join the dots as I'm
speaking.
So that is the credit.
So we've gone through the your processes
and then gone back to whip and then just
probably those other actions that come
out of that. I'm not sure if there's,
I think some of these probably are
queries in the room, right,
not on the back of the the past.
So maybe I'll just whiz.
Through them.
So you've got credit bills now.
Does that come as a result of that you
need to generate based on maybe
differences of invoice values that you're
creating those credit bills or is that a
request that they've been from the again
from the PE that you need to on the back
of this invoice?
This credit because of timing or it was
sent out here or we've been slightly
confused the way it's worthy because it's
a credit bill,
it's it's created account billing.
So it's not actually a credit and it's
actually local credit account billing.
It's actually a credit account write off.
So we're and that's a request that comes
in not as an action off the back of you
processing invoice, no,
no over the request that comes in.
So it's been agreed we see certain
clients that there is almost like certain
discounts that they will apply to them.
So the time gets written off.
We've doing it,
it gets written off to the credit account.
So the partner, still the partner,
still receives credit for that work.
So although we've not actually issuing an
invoice,
it's it's not a standard write off.
It's a part of a sort of agreement with
the the client,
so you get that as a query today and what
what? What actions do you then do,
you know the chairwell today and then you
do the what sort of thing do you have to
do on the back of that we just we would
have to if one sort of.
We generate the pro forma because we have
to get a pro forma to do it and then if
it's generally though, we'll see like 70,
000 of no times to go to credit account
for this matter.
So we will allocate the oldest 70,
000 as close as we can get.
You never get the exact value and we
change the work type to create an account.
That's all in 3E in three E, OK,
and then that's right comes into
ServiceNow.
You might say in as your query that you
would get in ServiceNow, I don't know.
We'll talk about that skills matrix,
whether those types of things because.
There for that nature that they might go
to a certain member of the team or it's a
certain value,
or whether all the team pick it up. Yeah,
we can decide that.
Or you can decide that we do the skills
matrix and then it can be on the action,
you know, updated in free.
You know,
capture that and then it's closed.
Complete. Yeah. There's no other is.
It tends to be that when you get them you,
there's no push back or you find that
you're not going to write it off or are
they tend to be again, I call them happy.
Yeah. They're pretty standard. Yeah. Now.
But they tend to be raised by the PE.
Yeah. Or requested by the PE. Generally.
Yeah,
there's a wee bit of confusion with them,
and it's a lot. Again,
the terminology within Asher for them.
Is because some people call them value
account and other people call them credit
account and we have two separate
processes so usually depending on how
it's been requested,
there's usually it's usually myself who
goes back because I tend to know them a
bit better.
And when they ask for something to go to
the value account, I tend to big back.
Or do you actually mean you want us to go
here because and explain the difference
between the policy,
there is interchange of terminology,
but there is 2.
I mean we did client and trust the other
day, but they actually wonders, you know,
rock, paper, scissors. What? Actually.
So we're going to call it,
but these value account and the credit
card are credit account are two separate
things. They're two separate,
even though it's in exchange of and
everybody always calls one the other.
So that's and why do we do that?
Is that a learning curve bit where they
could actually say the reason it's this
name and this name, I mean, yeah,
it's a difficult one.
And and I I I don't know what as it just
seems to be because for years folk call
it. I think part of it is the site,
I don't see if I think it's called might
actually officially be called the credit
value account.
But there also as value account billing
where it gets right and it.
It's and they're the worksite we use.
Is called credit account and it just
causes confusion,
but usually it sounds like three things
there as well.
There credit and value value and a yeah.
So maybe that's a term you know when
they're requesting it,
I think it could be straight handy for
that vitos presumably that business rule
is that they always go.
I'm not going to guess which one it goes
to, but it goes to.
So the credit accounts write off.
Is that correct,
even though they might say it's value,
you know that it's going.
I will always get them to confirm.
I'll always go back and explain the
difference between them and get them to
put it.
I know Mark's going to interject because
I can hear him for a minute,
but that's something we can.
That's something. Which one? Yeah.
So that could be a part of that request
learning that they're the the
differentiating the two and it will
probably be,
you know in the initial phase they'll
just pick one but they but but saying
that it can go to either that write off.
No, not really.
It just be a different than our value.
Account matters where you just write off
the time,
so that's where it's it's just to make
sure.
I'm just thinking whatever they select
then yeah,
I'm just thinking what the outcome.
So if they pick value or they pick
credits.
It it does have different actions of
where you write it off against. OK. Sorry,
Sandeep,
you're going to say I'm slightly confused
when will that pop up box trigger at the
start. So when they're doing their query,
you could have a validation,
you know when they're doing the write off.
It could be if they picked, you know,
so the keyword would that they want to be
doing this right off.
It would could almost that option be
always there.
Will that are you asking me?
Can it be or will it be?
Will it be always there? Yeah.
So when they're doing the right,
so they've generated query and service.
Now it's a write off on that keywords it
should be did you want a credit account
or a value account and then you can have
the FAQ or explanation next to it so that
you know what credit account is I
wouldn't value.
I wouldn't really want them mixed in with
the other write offs because although the
process we do is a write off to their
mind, it's something completely different.
Don't call it. What is it?
What would they call it?
They always tend to ask for like it's
like a credit account bill,
but they don't get a bill. OK,
so the action that you do is a write off,
but they're actually.
Asking for a credit account bill,
would you like a credit? So as you said,
it's been, yeah. So they don't,
there's no actual invoice,
but it it's just they're not there.
So client account billing,
we only do one or two, so they're not.
So what would they know it as?
That's a problem.
That's what I always go have to go back.
But usually because again,
sometimes when I went back and said blah
blah,
that's written off to here and then the
the partner comes in panic and go.
I don't want a write off and you have to
then explain it isn't written off,
but it's to the credit account.
That's the process we need to do,
so maybe that language is when we notify
them back is less scarce,
more about what they ask for. For example,
how do we just send an e-mail when they
don't need to ask for anything?
But what we're trying to do is put it
through a form so that they can like
maybe click.
I've got a request I want to and that's
what we need. Is that word.
And I want to do the following.
What would they, can I say to you,
do they call it?
I want to take action accounts, credit.
I want a credit bill. Yes,
I think this working would probably be if
they'll be able to go. I want. Yeah,
I want to. We want to allocate 70,
000 of time to the credit account. OK.
So I would say the I want to allocate,
allocate it to it rather than.
Be right off,
it might be useful to see some of those
queries that you've got in share world
just to capture some of the language and
then we could say I can't because they
call it seven different things. Yeah.
If it helps,
one of the things you could do is have
It's it's sorry Mark.
two.
One that says what they want and then
Yeah.
another cell to say what outcome are they
expecting because sometimes they may not
Yeah.
ask in the right way but from the outcome
that they're looking for gives you a
Yeah.
better clear of what they actually want.
Yeah,
almost that you use the story as a person.
I want to do the following so that the
money goes from. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I think as long as it wasn't and together
with other write offs because how we
receive hundreds of them.
So sure you just want them to be a right
off question right off.
They would use. We won't.
We won't put that on that side.
So what we need to get to is the language
that they'll use. Yeah,
that would be a different thing to you.
That's fine.
The system will figure that out. Yeah.
Yeah, we do our job properly. Yeah.
If I could just jump in. Dave. Sorry back.
A wee while ago,
if we go back maybe half an hour,
when we were all kind of talking about
how we get the PES to use consistent
processes and take accountability,
and there's a piece of work being done
around their relationships and everything
else is, is this sort of, you know,
the definition of certain types of task.
Going to be built into that is that being
covered off so that there is that
consistent language getting modelled
against the process,
so that if I if you say to somebody,
this is a value or it's a write off,
it's very, very clear what it is.
So as because as much as we can build
stuff that's here's a paragraph that
tells you if we actually build it into
the process.
And change,
you know if we're talking to be easy
anyway,
about how they make change their ways of
working,
we can actually agree what we're going to
call these things. Yeah.
Is that part of it or would that be an
extension of it or I think, yeah,
it probably would.
I think the problem a lot of the time
again it it comes from what the partners
telling the PE.
To do and if they've not came across that
like a request before of that sort of
what's been asked, then they don't know.
So they just come to us with a very vague.
Now how? Yeah, again.
What's something I appreciate also this
about a rabbit hole for something that
you don't do every day. So, you know,
I don't really think it. Yeah.
I think probably in time like with that
if you're seeing if there's a form thing
and it's there.
There's probably a few queries to begin
with,
but they they would get into the swing of
and no or that's actually there.
That's the section there.
Switched myself off as I was eating that
because I was opening it quietly are the
right offs of this type that's probably
open another can of worms that there are
other types of right off so these tend to
come as a reactive behaviour of something
else. Are they preventable?
Is probably what I'm saying.
These credit count ones.
No, no, no. That requirement. Yeah,
a requirement. OK. All right. Yeah.
But we could standardise that that
language and then back to the PS when
they start to use the same terminology as
you when the partner might say something
different, they know that actually,
I know that he's or he or she is saying.
It's for this. Yeah, as well.
And they could try correct that language
up that street,
that whole language part is a big part.
Early Ruth and Joy's part around this
change. So actually,
we'll put some language in that we think
will be right, but it'll be tested, right?
And that kind of heads up will be given
to whoever it is that will be requesting
that.
Sort of stuff we can make tweaks and
things like that too,
so I know it maybe feels that we're, like,
tie this down,
but it's it's going to be movable and
we'll test it, you know.
OK.
Yeah.
And I'm sure in service now you know when
you hover over the question mark to
explain what a field is,
I'm sure they'll have something like that
as well.
So even when they come to like once the
system goes live and they come to
actually submitting the request there and
then hopefully they can see that guidance
as well around what what that language is
and what.
The request is is for exactly. Oh good.
Yeah. Yeah.
And even the leading questions would be,
you know, people don't tend to, you know,
they just fill it in. They want to.
They're busy. They want to pass it,
then it's done.
It's off their plate for at least 10
minutes. They can stop thinking about it,
you know,
but we'll have those leading questions.
That they come in, I mean,
is it a good time to now talk about write
offs in general or does that come out of
complex billing? Are they tend to be?
No no general write offs part of complex
billing? No.
That's fairly such a simple process.
Write offs,
write offs generally general ones not the
credit account.
OK,
so right off generally they come as
queries are they and are they part of
reactive behaviour or that's just
something that you do a lot of that's
part of billing basically. Yeah,
it can just be certain time that.
They just don't want to really charge for
OK, you know, and how it could maybe be,
you know,
some trainee time that would have took
how longer than there were exemptions of
the billing that you're that you're
creating,
just say the things they wouldn't want to
charge or they're like they need to know
how not charge for them. Yeah.
I think there was some things that.
Some things are, you know,
they take all the research off or they
take all the things like that. You know,
whatever it might be agreements or they
may as what Louise said,
we've maybe done the final bill and but
there's some sort of a post now how
completion work going that you're not
going to charge for.
So we've done it all some after they'll
go create everything.
But it's the general default.
Say for example,
don't charge this client for research.
Is that something that gets happens in
three years? Captures?
It's not something that you have to do.
Is that set as defaults? You know?
So some of the exclusions, as it were,
are set in.
Three east.
So you don't have to manage those or is
it tend to be that that you get these
requesting to not generate yeah on the
bill they would just yeah they would just
mark up and see right off.
I mean there's certain places there's
certain time that that the.
That's just non chargeable and they've
that they have their own sort of a sure
non chargeable matters for that client
that they will post that time to.
But there were other sort of time that's
that's on the matter,
they were just advisors some there's the
odd matter that actually.
Set. They set up a phase for.
I can't remember what they call it,
some say non available,
other ones will see to be written.
I think ones get to be written off and
they post it all against that phase and
then they just send it in and see
everything under the.
Should be that no fees right off,
but that it it just depends on the the
individuals,
but more often than not it's just what
marked up what a marked up building guide
we score throughs right then and it says
what we're trying to do is avoid on the
individual base.
You know we're trying to formalise a
process so that you don't get this.
Rowing, arms and legs scenario.
But they would tend to write to you as
razor query.
I want to write off the following and
they'll give you the matter number or is
that is that how you would receive it?
So again we've talked about lots of it
you'll hear is like, yeah,
we've talked about that.
That's great as we move through it.
So you'll get that validation and they'll
give you.
From the effective date or whether there
might be a date range on the and and then
you receive it and then do and then
that's just close complete.
It's inferred that you're not going to do.
Have you got any balance and cheques that
you do on that or it's just go into three
close complete?
Yes. Yeah, Model S, that's it. Yeah.
And you're attaching as part of that.
Write off. No supporting evidence.
You don't have to say anything to them.
Just confirm.
It's just confirm and then they would get
that automatic notification to say it's
been completed. Yeah.
I don't know what the SLA is on them.
Are they just they as you get them you
tend to.
Are they are they churn sort of activity
there which actually we try to our sort
of basic we have a sort of 24 hour SLE in
which we're always but only you pay.
So you've lost sort of the 8 hours of
night you judge mean it's an SLA of 24
hours. Does it take into account?
So if I raise it at 9:00 AM today, it's,
you know it's due because we're going
into the weekend.
If I raised it 9:00 AM Monday,
is it 9:00 AM Tuesday,
or do you have 9:00 AM plus the working
hour? Is it business? 24 hours? Yeah,
just from it. Yeah.
So if you send it in a in a home.
12 noon guarantee it'll be from 12 noon.
I mean you'll get it.
The Jack Chip most often. No, we're way,
way ahead of it.
It's just to give us sort of leeway,
especially as we run into one phase where
it just becomes now easy, crazy busy.
So that just gives us leeway.
Write offs,
as I say we we try to would basic thing
is just all dispersed.
That's where we work from.
But again we'll maybe,
as I say when it's a newest patient or
put someone on like can you get rid of
all the what we call quite wins there's a
whole load of write off requests there
from and nothing based on value.
So it could be.
Write off this.
You know we need to write off.
You don't have a threshold that says, oh,
my gosh,
this is a particular client or no,
they wouldn't really get that information.
So say we'll try and push them forward
round about one thing because.
We know generally what a lot of the
departments will go.
They're going through the pro forma,
so they'll be certainly mark,
no markups markdowns as they're going
through it. So if we see any write offs,
what they might want to do,
the 1X amount of time written off and
then they want to run themselves a new
billing guide so the partner can look at
it again. So when we towards.
And one friend,
we'll try and push them forward where we
can because we they won't say that's what
they want to do,
but we just know that's generally bought
and they can add multiple write offs in
one request like we,
yeah and then they may come back and
forth like especially with disputes team.
A lot of that,
their work so has to be very specific on
what amount gets charged to know how the
clients because they go through every
entry with a outside before they request
the write off is that officiated process
done out. So before you receive it,
that's.
Officiated.
It's been done of how much they're
allowed, or disputes or anything. No,
we think they're just. They'll just keep.
They can spend days and how a week
looking good through a billing guide and
they'll mark up different entries and
write off some.
Write up some write some down.
Then they'll run a new one they bring in,
and it can take the best part of a week
before the invoice will get issued,
but they're they're constantly working on
it and just making,
so we'll keep getting sort of requests.
And for the make amendment here,
then we close it off. The next day,
we might get another one.
And and there's an opportunity there
where you're not getting.
For every activity they want to do,
it could be added to the original request
so that you're working on what you know.
So it's so you don't have to link them.
You know you don't have 10 variations of
updates from them.
It can be consolidated into one. Yeah,
it sort of works that way on share.
At the moment,
which can be good but can be annoying
because once you've got that person's hit
like they're they they originally signed
the first ticket,
so when they send in the next request it
it tends to automatically assigns to that.
Which can be good sometimes,
but it could be annoying because C Louise
could have been working on it,
got that request and is now working on
Goldman Sachs or some horror.
But she's now got that journal again for
the next amendment,
and we'll keep getting it all week, right.
So it sounds like maybe you prefer.
But you know, yeah.
Prefer that they are mutually exclusive,
you know, write UPS, I mean.
But there's something we can think about
consolidating,
particularly if they're coming in. Yes,
they're basically well from a practical
perspective in the department and.
The is that iterative process tends to be
the norm. Do they tend to?
Once you've done one,
you know that there's going to be another
five,
or with your disputes team it's it's
great. So. OK. Yeah.
So when did the PE knows at that point
there's a dispute team involved.
I'm just thinking it's not what disputes
the power.
Department.
So the PE for what sort of disputes a
legal team.
So they're writing it off anyway. Yeah,
it's just it's just the the sort of way
that that legal department works.
It's it's always what in every disputes a
local team would be work along those
lines.
Most other ones they might come back and
forth a wee bit,
but maybe once or twice at the most,
but generally it's just right off. OK.
Tickets closed. OK. Yeah.
Can I just check?
So I've seen an example where the time
entries are listed like multiple like
50-60 time entries, you know.
And you know,
there are handwritten notes on those time
entries and where some of them are, say,
remove it.
Some of them might be the write offs as
well. How do we, I mean,
I don't like those handwritten notes
because we we do miss those out and.
Is a big kind of like risk of yeah,
you know, having a manual error,
is there anything we can try to put those
handwritten on some kind of format? I,
I mean, I don't know. I mean,
just thinking.
That's what they might.
I think we receive it on the PDF I've
seen on either the like the billing guide
or on if the Vrana draught invoice and it
it's it's horrible or is it kind of
battles and yeah, yeah.
So they they've hand marked on the it's
like marked on with like highlighters and
then and what sort of thing are they
writing.
Because I'm thinking those instructions
can be part of the original request,
you know that they? Yeah, usually. I mean,
if it's just a straight off right off.
Such bad.
But sometimes they want the the one that
might be an entry for two hours.
They want to change to 1.1 hours.
Or they might want it split into two
separate entries.
And the one one of those questions and to
take it off,
that falling that they're actually
instead of spot you know,
because that's because you're trying to
get these metrics from it is that they
just say reason for write off change that
you know it could be done.
I don't want to make it our awful journey
for them because you're just you know it.
Yeah, I mean, we push back we we,
I mean technically we don't need to know
why. They're yeah. Making a job. Right.
But it's more about alleviating that
whole manual element.
Arrows and highlighters and do this
online.
But this whole with exclamation mark.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Avoiding that in a school through 'cause
they make a mistake. Yeah.
What? What? What do you think? Like what?
What's the solution for that?
Those kind of issues, you know? Yeah.
I mean, not to solutionize here,
but to see, I mean, it'd be useful to say,
but when they're actually doing those
requests,
why don't they officiate that that detail
is part of the request to form,
which they can do, you know.
So they're adding.
That you know the write off.
They're moving it from time to and it
tends to be categorised of time or full
amount or matter.
I mean it doesn't sound difficult,
it just is part of the request, isn't it?
You're formalising their scribbles into
the upfront request. I mean,
maybe to have a look at them would be a
good example of probably you know.
The thing is,
with this is about the big business
behaviour, right?
They're just again and maybe it's just a
bit lethargy,
it's easy for them to scrawl all over
something and just Chuck it at you than
it is to go into a form and properly do
it.
Is that is that the behaviour pattern
that we're seeing?
It's in a way, yes, Mark.
And I think where I'm coming from is more
about my control not to miss out
something and not to have a manual error.
So I'm I'm looking for, yeah.
Yeah.
Now I I understand what you're trying to
prevent.
What what we need to do is actually go
back to source and say you can't submit
those.
You have to go through this route and
actually shut the portcullis down on that
Yeah.
But which is tricky. Yeah,
but what you're saying is that you
behaviour.
I know, I know.
receive a general query,
and they're all scribed on the PDF.
The instructions and what we're trying to
say is that it is a. It is a system,
it's a platform we're trying to.
Get details. We're trying to channel.
We're trying to make it efficient and
they've got a role and responsibility
upfront as well to provide,
you know it's just a a mechanism to get
to,
to give you the right information that's
landed and they have a role and
responsibility to provide that.
You know they're they're making the
request.
You know, like, you know,
we all have requests.
I want you to do the following.
What do you want? You know,
there has to be some detail that they'll
provide and probably that change of
behaviour of what schooling it onto a
PDFI. Haven't seen that for a while.
But you're probably saying that's
probably common practise.
Why don't you know there's a chance for
change that they should be officiating?
Because they have a role as what you know,
they've asked you to do it and I know
that there is a often seen as then
delegated to you.
You know the fact that I've handed over
will be done,
but I'm assuming the role of
responsibility is also on them,
that it gets completed.
You know, it's not a it is.
They are part of the overall workflow.
So I would say that we've got to capture
those requests officially and I I don't
think you can workflow your way out of
this one.
I think I don't think systemically that
is this is a absolute behavioural thing.
But I also know.
My time and here and jump in,
everybody's been here logically.
Me tell me if a partner's writing across
that and just be a highlight on whatever
else that's going to take him 10 minutes.
If we're asking him to fill in forms,
that's going to take him an awful lot
longer and he's just not going to do that
because he'd rather be doing work for a
client and billing that 20 minutes.
So,
but it sounds like it comes from the the
only way you can change behaviour is when
we go back to and I know bold each other
to death with us, which is like your Slas,
you get a better service if you do the
form,
you get a long long a lower level of
service.
If you send it as APDF and whatever else.
Again, though,
that is a challenge that's not going to
be something we can fix for day one
unless we extend some of these
conversations into.
To cover this stuff with the PES,
etcetera to say he does it sends his TSP
in D fill in the form but again that is a
step beyond the scope of this piece of
work. I mean it tends to.
You can sort of tell which ones do the
PDS and which ones give you like an X
spell spreadsheet of an extra column that
you can philtre and you know my age and
above probably do. The PDS you're younger.
No hope. I think we need.
We need to show you some example,
to be honest.
Exactly on on that one because it's not
just one partner or one PE.
There could be a matter where two
partners force associates are there and
all of them are scribbling at the same
time.
You don't need the metrics to prove that.
So as so that is your system.
I mean we I completely agree with you,
but I think we if we show some example
then might be you know we'll.
Have that brainstorming around. Yeah.
What would we do? Yeah.
And I think it also comes down to how
simple we make these forms and get that
balance right.
So because if it's the partner that's
scribbling,
it's going through the PE to then come to
you. They can't.
The PES we can work with them, right.
We may not be able to change everything
in day one, but we can.
And work with them that they take that
and put that into the form.
And if that seems to be forward enough
for them,
they're not having to do ex sales,
they're not having to Add all that stuff
and you're just replacing that for that.
That's where we need to put our focus,
I think particularly for a new one,
even if you're half in the labour.
Yeah,
because it sounds like you're having to
do the heavy lifting on the back of that,
particularly if they scrolled over the
bit of information that you needed to
read, you know, over on the train,
it's sort of like a journey you get,
you know,
based on where you're starting from. Like,
you know,
that whole could have meet people where
they are.
You you if you got everybody on the
spreadsheet,
that would be a leap and then you can go
for the spreadsheet to the form you know
and then you could. But yeah,
it's baby steps.
I think culture of change. Yeah,
it's set to mark.
I think for me it is more about I don't
make an error because we have made errors
on on those because we have missed out or
we have.
Not done what would have been the final
scribbling on on the piece.
So that's where I'm coming from.
The how can I since?
Yeah, well,
because sorry Parrot Parrot's got his
hand up. Go ahead, parrot.
It's just a few ideas to float around
right.
I mean then in in my one of my previous
previous project where we had to face
similar issues, right.
Legal teams are very similar in most most
most firms and the way they behave
because it stays the way of you know Wet
Wet ink on paper kind of attitudes what
we kind of gave a few general counsels.
It was and again,
something to discover is a collaboration
channel on teams, right?
So what they do they did was to because
teams is on the mobile phone teams,
is accessible regularly.
These individual channels were for the
work for them.
So they used to put updates on based on
the case references and marked number.
They are directly so into 100 notes.
We kind of gave them a team's channel,
which is only for them a private channel
and then we integrate that with
ServiceNow to kind of update the cases
accordingly.
So we did not ask them to actually go on
service now and update them. We told them,
hey,
obviously paper is something we can't,
you know,
import into a digital format quite easily.
So we give you a channel.
There was a training involved, etcetera,
but channels became quite popular.
But.
Yeah, parrot the my. I think.
I think the thing to be mindful there is
So we're going to look at these kind of
things, yeah.
it's still when someone's scrolling
something. No disrespect to their writing,
but they're still to Sandy's point the
risk of error because you don't
S.
understand it's not clear whereas if
you're doing it systemically.
You can usually by process rule out your
error rate and that's what I think
Correct.
Sandeep trying to target is how does he
eradicate his error?
Yeah.
Note again Sandeep just checked,
I've understood that that's your.
That's what you're driving for, isn't it?
Yeah. Yeah, so.
Yeah, that that, that's true.
And and the point,
what Alex and Jill made is,
is is more about our process like us,
we can't change or we won't change their
habit day one. You know. Yep. Yep.
Yeah, there's a change element there.
So I think it took us about a couple of
months to kind of move move a majority
population away from from paper on paper
and pen to at least a collaboration
channel based approach.
So something to look at,
you know where there are tools available
and not just ServiceNow,
others which we can integrate with to get
that detail and to make life a little
easier for everybody.
He was doing diligence on top of those,
those details.
But if we could, if we could see them,
that would be great. OK, her face.
None.
I've got my other types.
I mean this was meant to be simple
managed.
We haven't got the complex billing yet,
but I mean there it's straightforward.
Look,
there's all scenarios of your your
raising and we just want to make that
workload easy for you.
And I've got I've got sort of three other
things. I've got reissue there's probably.
On there as well is that now is that part
of again a query or is it something based?
I mean your happy path actually is hasn't
been touched at the moment we haven't got
subsequent issues from it,
but it's reissue a query that you get or
is something that you generate off the
back of when you're processing invoices?
Again, just yeah,
as part of what the request coming in now
as part of our sort of generally be part
of a the cancellation sort of cancel. Oh,
is it part of the cancellation,
OK that we discussed earlier. Yeah,
OK if if we cancelled it.
You know first and then they come back a
week later.
It's a reissue we would we would class
that as a new invoice request really
because it'd probably be a new ticket
etcetera.
So would is there education that you know,
OK,
they've been informed of can't I mean
they could give you the but essentially
you're processing it, processing it.
If it was new.
Yeah. Yeah, it's actually,
you're back at scratch because you've
we've said that for the cancellation,
it's closed complete.
It's come off because they're going to do
a might not be a week later,
it might be X amount of time. Yeah,
they're just. Yeah,
it's the language that it is reissued.
Do they tend to do reissue on that or is
it just a new? It would just be a new.
Request really. OK. All right. Perfect.
And then just go through that that we've
discussed. I've got these 3 E workflows.
I think they're a bit further down.
Maybe I've just sort of saw them as and
we've probably already touched upon them.
Is there one other below? There's a three,
yeah, there's three of them.
This simple billing three EI think that's
maybe we've touched upon.
That's the cheques that you're doing
anyway that we've seen in in them we've
got third party client invoice 3E work
for client.
You know there was a combination of
processes in there I thought are they all
one of the same that we've.
We've already discussed this morning
because we're doing the three cheques
well.
There's ones that are already generated
in three that don't come to you with
queries.
The first two are would be I think we're
we've told them to go back and generate
it through the the 3E workflow exactly
where it, yeah,
because it lives and breathes in the.
Yes, yeah.
And then I'm not sure why that's got.
I think the last one is I think that's
just probably saying that's a sort of
request that may come through sheer well,
yes,
because we would use that category direct
request or it may also come through the
they were the two options that we've
discussed earlier. Yeah.
You wouldn't even touch chair world today.
OK, perfect. Yeah.
I just know that this is scheduled on
there. GAIL, are they scheduled cases?
I think that was initially captured,
but I can check.
I'll check just now what we've bought.
Sorry, just carry on. It was just, yeah,
up there, OK.
The other thing actually I wrote it and
retainer. There's two additional ones now.
How do they come into you? Right.
Why do we get 2 retainer? Yeah. OK. Well,
this is the problem as well.
I mean retainer billing.
Uh.
We probably we have got that category.
Sometimes they'll make it quite clear
that it's a retainer bill,
other times they send a request in and it
probably is retainer building, but.
But we wouldn't be aware of it.
So detainer billing could just be the big
now agreed we're going to Bill 10,
000 a month for the next year and that's
what's agreed with the client, right?
Yeah. OK.
And there's a standard request of what
you're going to pay. Yeah,
there's not really anything.
Does that happen in 3E or where are they
generating that?
Does that come in as queries?
It could come in again in both ways.
It could come in through 3E,
and because it is generally quite a
simple bill in most cases,
I'm thinking does it does that
information be captured there?
Is that something a bit?
I know it was a detainer.
I think at the time we had that category
just to try and see if we can keep an eye
on them,
but I would say we probably do lots of
retainer bills as part,
but it doesn't actually see anywhere that
that's what the agreement is because we
don't really need to know.
So if they just constantly each one.
Sent a request for matter X for 10,000.
You can just spell it. OK,
so they're just interrupting. Yeah,
there's nothing, really. OK,
that makes sense because I was thinking
that that's probably where it lives and
breathes. Yeah, another one.
Money on account. That's.
Process.
We don't really do because it's not great.
Yeah, under the SRA.
But we keep that category just because we
get we quite often get requests for them
and an occasion we can work around with
approval fee.
Mark here but the CFO, but we just,
we've always just kept that category just
so we can look back and basically find
out when we've been asked to do them.
So you do get asked,
yeah quite often does it often enough,
but not like you know maybe.
Maybe not.
Maybe when someone fit them or oh, OK.
Yeah.
And is it something that proactively can
be done in 3 E or is it something that
you have to do is I'm just thinking of an
educational piece of push of why you get
them, are they reactive?
It's generally where looks.
A client wants to maybe put money into
client account and you've got certain
ones and they say,
but we want an invoice and you can't give
an invoice for money's come into client
account if we've not actually done any
illegal work yet. So it's a.
There's a breach SRE because how the
money's come in if it goes to the wrong
if it goes to the business account as any
money for an actual invoice would
automatically then we've breached.
But it's just like a lot of clients ask
for it.
So there's the odd occasion we've had
been able to make.
You can accept.
In between building cashiers and
everybody gets involved to make sure it
doesn't go into the business account.
Yeah, we've talked about that again. Yeah,
the policy. And it's only like,
if Mark here but gets the go ahead.
And it really does.
But there has been no occasion.
I wonder if we capture that rather than
officiated.
It becomes part of the general query.
Yeah. It's really is. It's not. Really.
OK. Yeah. Just going back very quickly.
Sorry I checked the schedule case. No,
it doesn't look to be you've only got 1
schedule case which thinks daily RTB
report. Yeah,
I think we've got reports here. Yeah,
we've got a report section that comes up.
Yeah.
Sundry.
I think there was some sundry which I
thought that's probably a science in
itself. It's at the very bottom. Yeah,
that's for clients. Yeah. Billing. Yeah.
That's for things like,
just see if there was any seminars held
or.
Sometimes it's an office catering.
You know what, more? London office.
I think we've been out one of the floors,
so it's not any legal client building,
but we have to issue an invoice.
So we have sundry matters set up, OK.
And where we just go in and we who raises
that, that could be.
Anybody that raises up to you. Yeah. Yeah,
it can. It tends to be, yeah,
it tends to be the same sort of a
departments. But yeah,
MD could technically ask for it. OK.
And so they don't do that in, sorry.
Carry on.
So just just a little bit of
clarification between billing and
accounts payable then.
So is it just you are generating the
draught of that invoice?
Sorry the PDF of the invoice and then you
go to AP for clearance. No,
we just issued the invoice for whatever
SC.
If it was like now whatever the one is
seminar whatever and who we're billing it
to and.
The the provider GL account and when we
let so This Is Us, yes,
we are issuing an invoice to to gosh,
I'm trying to think who the ones look.
There's one like an event company or yes.
Yeah. They're not an actual client.
So we do ones every month an actual
client. Yeah.
For the London Office because I think we
went out one of the floors.
Right. OK.
So it's like the sundry bills go out.
It's from like the heat and the
electricity.
So why is it not sitting with the
accounts?
But I think accounts those heat electric,
they mentioned those utility based ones I
think yeah, I think this is ones we are.
Look for your.
So what I was trying to think is that is
that because of a client and then it has
to go from client activity.
You know for whatever it might be.
And so they tend to come,
it's old and it's not clients.
We're not an actual client if I was but
but it becomes a pure office expense then.
So why would you do it and not accounts
payable?
It's I'm trying to think how you've got
an opportunity to pass it now to yes. No,
it's because we need to issue them and it
goes against the gaol because we issue,
we're sending an invoice out to them and
then we let the accounts team,
financial management accounts and
important team.
We whoever requests it has to provide the
GL code for it to then go against once
the money's come in.
And then I think it maybe goes to
accounts payable.
Can we investigate that that it's
something that we can, Simon,
can we put that on the service catalogue
piece to?
Have a look because you're going to
pigment just for the GL code because they
manage the list of GL code,
so that's purely going to that team from
an information perspective,
they won't do anything,
but I think my opinion. Yep,
the event say you have done an event,
the event should be raising an invoice
going to AP directly and then AP managing.
That payments and everything.
Can I check what's the? What's the what?
Sorry.
Can I check something from from Wednesday
with Cashiering?
They did sundry invoice creation as well.
When they got into the manager invoice
piece.
So I'm trying to think the other examples.
I guess it is a rear as well.
It's not much,
not not many invoices because I think the
money because I think there's a case it's
been a big seminar that it's coming to
and maybe if there's a.
A course to attend it,
and we'll send the invoice.
We'll provide the invoices I think.
I think it's something for them to be
able to.
I think it depends like an alignment
piece that something you should be, yeah.
Suspected presents.
It should not sit with you.
Yeah.
Because yours is purely client, right?
So it should be all client billing.
It should.
Anything else should be but this is,
but this is the one that is non client
billing. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I will check on the caches pieces. Well,
Tim and.
And we we put that down as a general
query as well. I've got it on the board.
Yeah, I've got it as a general query.
Thank you.
I'm just going to check before we move on
to the next one.
I'm aware that we are said that we would
finish at 1:30. We might be able to.
PO Edit I think was we discussed at the
beginning that it might be part of the
actions that you is that correct that
part of the invoicing you might request
that it needs to be to whip or needs to
edit on it etcetera or is that were there
any update additional activities?
Let me just find where it was and then
we've done making pro formas.
I don't making, sorry pro forma edits.
I think we discussed not PO edits and
that's just slipping. Yeah, yeah. Well,
quite often if they've created a pro
forma and they no longer want it or they
might want to run a new one.
So they'll get requests.
And can you make it dormant? Yep, Yep. OK.
So.
Sort of quick win. Yep.
I think we've done those lots of the.
Let me just check maybe the draught
invoice review.
I think it does that come upstream for
those. I know that we've got this GNGM.
PFA.
Is that the stuff that we were talking
about that you review the Christie's
stuff?
Is that the pro forma is the initial
draught invoice the pro forma or are they
separate they would because what we have
one is the working members as as classed
as PFA practise finance assistant for the
investment funds.
Right.
So he picks up all the billing and the
the arrangement is with some of the other
departments,
the same processes the PES would do with
investment funds all comes to us in.
He, like he would action them.
So if they want,
just like a basic draught invoice,
he's doing that activity that the PE
would do but officiated under this PFA
activity.
So those draught invoice pro forma,
the things that we discussed,
that's what they will be doing. OK.
So that's something that can be auto are
saying to him that has ruled in.
Yeah. Yeah. But I think we've got,
we've got a subcategory for those.
So we could go through them. OK.
We've done credit bills.
Just go to the top for me.
I think that's reissue,
we discussed reissue issue third party
payer, OK.
Yeah.
That's good.
Edit Pro formas we've got quite a few.
We've captured a lot of those scenarios.
I mean this is the as is we've been
talking to it today.
It's certainly not what we're then taking
to systemize.
It's it's taking a lot of that stuff that
we said we've got actually that happy
path wasn't challenged too much apart
from the.
The whip and credit control that will
pick it up as those steps or the reversal
of the cancellations.
So that was with I think the probably the
one that I was thinking about was that
storage of that when you generate that
that PDF and then notifications back to
the.
So that's something ServiceNow will do,
it sends it back to the request.
So if the PE just to close off that loop
when you have completed them,
the whoever requested it,
you know they could.
It could be the PE on behalf of the
partner and that could be captured at the
upfront request and query, but the PE?
We'll get that information with the
attached invoice that we discussed and
then as we said,
officiating that those hand scrolling,
you know, getting copies of that,
can we then move on to then the PF just
have a look at the PFA activity to see if
it's what we've already discussed for the
PE. So on the TMRT.
If you I'm a recommendation,
I think I did put APFA section and then
we can go into complex billing.
There's there's a few of these,
and I think just to check that they've
got editing phase and tasks now.
Is that something that you that this role
is doing under billing and or is that
something that's outside of?
Is is it activities that they're doing in
three or the things that come on the back
of the queries that you get in billing is
is probably what I'm asking. Yeah, again,
the the withdrawal just come in. Yeah,
as an an e-mail and tours are they
general queries or are they fish?
Are they particular activities that
you're expecting?
So packs,
I think there's task codes invoice update
call.
There seems to be that some of them like
the weekly update call is a scheduled
event,
you know rather than a query that's been
raised by somebody that they're because
this is for managing the level of
activities and tasks.
You're doing on behalf of someone else,
so I'm just checking that these aren't
the their roles and responsibilities that
they're doing as part of their role
rather than on the back of a query.
Because it looks like it's doing notary
tracking,
global markets end to end processes.
Does the Notary 1 still?
Or whether these are is me that does
you're that one.
So I think there's some of these tasks
originally where PFA and no they're not
right. So any ones that are IF.
Basically that have IF somewhere or
investment funds they are all still PFA,
but the ones that are GM so delighted
that I think I was hoping that you,
is there another one?
Is there an oh look at the left hand I'm
looking in.
I was looking at the left hand so there
are a couple.
There's 1/2,
so there's they remain with you in their
billing. Yes, they are PFA.
They're still part of the billing team,
but they are specific to that. OK.
But it comes into billing.
So the weekly invoice,
that's an activity that they do rather
than a query on the back of it,
is that correct image should get started.
It wouldn't if it's not actually 100%,
should. If you no longer still do that,
it will just be, yeah,
it will be something that's scheduled
that. Yeah.
And did you want to capture that? I mean,
a bit like the one that we talked about
earlier,
which is a scheduled call that you have
and that you're officiating.
Outcomes.
Of it? Or is it?
Is it tend to be a calendar event?
Sometimes in this week we've captured so
that they remain a task on their
dashboard that they know that they're
doing, rather than it being in outlook.
It's something that's scheduled that
they're do they're doing and there is the
outcomes on the back of it that you need
to know. So for example,
you might say to him,
you know during that call.
What? What was your findings?
They could be captured and reported upon.
You have to decide that now.
Maybe that will just that.
I want you just check.
I'm not 100% sure on this weekly update
call.
Maybe follow up and see if that actually
yeah that one actually or the outcome of
the purpose of it weekly invoice update
call that sounds.
Like something,
but you will do as a department maybe.
Just seems a bit weird to have that as a
yeah, yeah,
there was a few changes like with the
investment funds in the PFE.
What what Christa did originally and
maybe we did move some things away.
So I'm not sure.
I know one point because he used to hunt
to fit in part of that he used to run a
sort of whip report for them,
which then moved to the whip management
team.
But I don't know if that OK been part
that might be the whip management.
That's fine, Simon. Yeah.
I'll get checked that, Simon.
Sorry,
it's a process documentation for this.
Can we understand what that process
actually looks like?
Yeah, we can.
We can part that one and just yeah
officiate.
I can also run a quick search from
Sharewell and see if there's anything
categorised using that one just to kind
of see what. Yeah,
but if you don't recognise that you know
it's not but it can be look a bit like
the other one that could be officiated
and the outcomes reported upon well it
makes sense to.
Stress does it and you know,
will it make sense to him, do you think?
Yeah,
I think we just get heads and foot on it.
Yeah, I think it's useful. Yeah.
You can have a look and see what's
happening. Yeah.
OK, that's good.
Investment funds end to end process now.
That could be a minefield, I don't know.
But again maybe we can get Chris's input
on that on that end to end process.
I don't,
I mean maybe could you briefly describe
what that yeah,
let me just queries that come off the
back end.
As the billing requests and you know
everything just goes all that particular
type,
so they're always relating funds because
under that, OK,
in the general in quit query form we can
lead that they're invested fund query if
it was a write off request and it'll be
in their invoice request.
So it's it's sort of a.
That's right.
So we've got a keyword in there that
which is investment fund,
too much different in the other half of
general billing, it's just OK.
So we could capture that as one of the
categories within the general. OK,
perfect.
That was very helpful.
I just pulled them out because they just
seemed yeah,
to not naturally fall into the service
that we're trying to end,
that I'm going to go to complex billing.
I did actually notice that some of the
other manage invoice had complex in it.
David,
can I just take a visiting to check?
Do you think we will get through what's
left?
I'm just not sure what's going to pull up
complex billing.
When I pulled it up just a minute ago,
I thought I just wanted to ask the room
if it.
If we think we're going to finish with
one, are we happy to just keep?
I think if I pull up complex billing now,
you might be pleasantly surprised.
I think there's two OK in there and then
we reporting and we've done whip, OK,
not that I want to whisk through it. Look,
we, we're here to get through it,
but maybe just pull up query and report.
So I just know that the count.
Look, I'm reports.
Yeah.
And I think there was a query one as well,
yes,
a billing support and that's billing
support query.
You know that can come under general
inquiry,
but why don't we do the complex billing
and I'm not sure I mean it says 2.
But that could be yes, you know?
And so this is going to be complex,
I guess. Well,
some of the other actually I found that
if we look through manage invoice,
there was some complexities that actually
fell under complex as well.
So we started with simple billing which
sounded actually there was lots of
scenarios in there.
We had the new work in progress closed
with maybe some actions.
The fact that it is,
you know assigned to whip or reversed or
etcetera.
So tell me what or maybe what defines
complex billing in addition to.
Billing of the scenarios that we
discussed today and you'll probably say
where do I, where do I start on that?
But you know maybe the the scenarios or
why why they deem the separation or do
you have a separation you just know that
these are going to be complex.
I mean there are other complex.
Requests that commend these as a monthly
you know how every single month these are
dealt with, and they're the most complex.
That is very time consuming.
Louise is the expert in terms of the the
time.
And the amount of scenarios within them
and the back and forth also the client,
yeah. And the client, oh,
you have particular clients,
but for this well for this these
categories specifically this.
Only covers Goldman Sachs.
That's just one time.
So basically complex billing equals
Goldman Sachs. Yes, I mean,
there are other things that are classed
as complex billing,
but we would probably categorise them as
part of the scenario voice or reversal or
whatever it is.
I mean split invoice,
I've noticed as we were going through.
Actually I should have put that under
complex,
but we covered so this categories you
have everything whereas some of these
components could be across other other
clients. Yeah.
So you have all those scenarios that we
discussed today and.
It's and some more. Yeah, I mean, again,
this is just in terms of these actual
categories are probably things that
actually could be maybe renamed or reject
about.
I was just going to say like thinking
about how the actual request comes in.
I'm assuming somebody wouldn't come up
and say.
I want to raise a complex invoice.
Would they say I want to raise a some an
invoice or a bill for Goldman Sachs? Well,
and the instance of these ones? No,
because we don't actually receive
requests.
These are ones that are a bit kind of out
niche out of the norm and you're handing
them you've separated.
Good to them out. Yes.
So basically how how these kind of start
life is by us running a report.
So it's kind of generated by the billing
team and and the first instance yes.
So rather than the request coming in from
APE or whoever it's.
Sort of triggered by usually myself or
someone else. A monthly report? Yes.
So we do have other activity that we do
around that like that is weekly reports
that we run and everything basically to
do with that is categorised under these
categories.
And share bill.
So even if it was something like a write
off or an invoice rejection or something,
we put everything to do with this process
into these categories really just so that
it's kind of all in the one place.
But in terms of the actual kind of
billing process for them basically.
There's swallows,
so it's like where to begin?
And there's two different clients.
They're both Goldman Sachs,
but they're separated on two different
clients by region.
That's how they're separated.
So the the most straightforward 1 to
explain.
The we already essentially know when
they're ready to Bill,
and we already have their billing
information,
so I can just go on and run the report
and essentially set up the groups.
And so I mean that in itself and you do
that all in three.
So that's yeah and what you.
Running on the report,
what sort of information are you trying
to find the report around? Flight.
It's just called the ready to build
report and you kind of run that on any
Goldman Sachs matters that have been
marked as ready to build.
That happens prior to patent.
The billing team and also that's by date
as well.
So it will be to just the current date
theoretically anything that's on that
report is ready to Bill. So it doesn't,
we don't need approvals,
it doesn't need to go to be ease.
It's all fixed fee work.
So the WEP doesn't, you know,
really come into or anything like that.
In theory,
we can just set up the groups and and
practise.
This will be more complicated than that,
but that is the kind of basics of the
process, the.
Other side of this is a little bit more
complicated because we issue bills for
the month end figures,
but we don't actually have the breakdowns
at that point.
So we then have to wait for the client
allocations and they are then reversed
and reassured.
But all of these processes are happening
just in three E it's not been triggered
by anything and share will or OK service
now. So I'm wondering,
I mean so everything for your complex
internal happens in 3E today and the
notifications and all the.
Actions that you need to do happen in
there so well,
I'm saying the IT lives its life in 3E
for this particular in terms of getting
up to the point of billing,
so running off to the ports,
all that stuff. Yes,
once it's billed as sent out just.
Via e-mail at the moment I'll go to the
client or E billing or whatever,
and at that point that's when I'll copy
and billing and that's when it'll come in
through share well.
But it's only really so that as a kind of
audit trail and share well of this has
happened. Yep.
So just to give you a little bit of
background.
There are four clients,
what we call like G20. Like, you know,
the big twenty clients,
but out of those 24 big and complex
clients we we work in a very different
way from a working capital perspective.
And we won't have any issues with PS as
well on those,
because we work in a collaborative way.
So all these things, for example,
trigger by the whip,
the whip goes to credit control,
they both verify and then it comes from a
billing site.
So we all chip in our responsibilities
over there.
And we monitor the steps of those as well.
We have a specific person called
strategic account manager Sam assigned
for these clients as well,
who drives centralised in a centralised
way with the client.
So it's a very tight water tight process.
But it's.
Yes, everything should be in three. Yeah,
nothing.
Nothing goes out because the reportings
are slightly different from your rest of
your billing.
Your E billing people as well.
And I think from enabling perspective the
the client portals would be same but
still the process managed is very
different.
Yeah. Actually in terms of all we say,
it's complex billing in terms of what
will actually go through service now, yes,
it's zero. Pretty much, yeah. Well,
I mean that's so it's not anything that's
really being managed and shared with.
I'm wondering if you're communicating
because you've got a query or whatever,
you can't communicate through 3 E so you
would communicate or when you communicate
through service now.
Or do you communicate?
Is there notifications in three-way?
You say it's a very structured process.
So how are you communicating between
workflow states at the moment in that
it's all manual outlook, you know? Yeah,
as you do that through your personal mail
book mail. Yes. Although as again,
it depends what it is.
If it was just something that was a query
or sometimes like.
Unless like if I need to e-mail the fee
and or say because there's missing
information or something like that,
that just goes through my outlook.
It's not.
I'm not copying billing and capture that
though and and one thing is that a lot of
a lot of scenarios and these clients we
are also speaking directly to the client
as well, yeah.
So agree.
But I think client will be contacting day
in day out with us on on such scenarios.
So I'm talking about Goldman Sachs at NOC
etcetera, etcetera.
So agree that it should follow some side
of channel because we don't have a we do
have oversight of the different statuses
as well.
Don't get me wrong and it's more water.
Right than others. But yes,
why not put somewhere in the service now
to do? Well,
I'm just thinking if Louise is off,
for example,
it's all going through her personal
mailbox.
She won't have any anything that's sent
that's actually sent out.
Like to the client. Or when we have, like,
say, the final invoices.
I'll always copy billing in. So there is.
So it.
Yeah. Yeah. So we won't.
So we won't be using e-mail if we imagine
a world where we're not using e-mail.
So you can't copy yourself and see in
that instance though,
like if we're emailing out directly to a
client,
are we going to be sending emails from
ServiceNow, you can't do that. Yeah,
that's that's what I was about to say
because you may want to trigger the case.
And then direct all the e-mail
communication through that case for these
complex matters. If we had that workflow,
for example, within ServiceNow,
you could officiate those communications
that you're doing. That might be,
you would start them rather than waiting
for someone to commend,
you would just create it under whatever
we agree the category to be.
And then any correspondence client would
go e-mail.
If there's other teams and ask for
example, involved,
and they're on service now,
it can go through the notification
Yep.
process and an e-mail.
One thing for us is Steven triggers a lot
of these discussions and reports as well.
From credit control and they're not
unsure about right now.
That might be one of the reason that we
are not following that.
But then with the one with service now
they will be, yeah they will be,
yeah they will be. So it makes sense.
So we could have that official workflow,
Yeah.
I mean officiate that we could have a
look at the touch points and the
assignment groups and then the
notification.
That get and it's monitoring your tasks
because again,
you know you say that it's zero impact on
ServiceNow,
but actually you want ServiceNow to
reflect your capacity and your efforts.
It will be that right?
Because if it doesn't happen at the
Yeah.
moment, but you know if you remember.
And it it it is,
it is that on during our AP discussion,
I was talking about manual payments,
individual payments and then a bulk file.
So this is a more of a bulk file logic
because we are not sending individual
emails, it's a file, isn't it?
With the listings of the Bills,
which needs to be going out so it would
be interesting to know how does the MI
stats etcetera get captured as well.
I think we were talking like total value,
total count kind of thing as well.
Yeah the guys will discuss it on Monday
as well.
What happens to the billing status in
terms of some gets?
Rejected as well some line items,
some line items will be rejected,
some will be. Yeah.
Proves that I think maybe something for a
parking lot for Monday to remind those
guys and say how to? How will? Yeah.
Baldwin's on the call. So we capture.
Yeah,
I think the I think the first focus is
that workflow to manage the
communications that kind of stuff.
So obviously the next.
What we also need to remember,
as well as the reporting, will be on it,
so you wouldn't need to wait for,
I don't know how they send them to you
just now if they emailed the reports over.
No, I never run them off myself. OK.
But another thing as well.
And that's my with E billing.
But we do get quite a bit of rejections.
Yeah, on these as well. And again,
just now and when they come through share,
well, they're stuck in these categories.
It tends to be if myself depicts.
But again,
now you get a rejection and that is
recorded in shareville, yes,
because you well if it's something that
Ebel and I've just can pick up and
resolve themselves,
it doesn't need to come back to us.
We don't need to know about it,
but quite often worth.
The Goldman Sachs one is JP Morgan's as
well.
There's quite a lot of rejections on them,
so it'll be billing that start that then,
so they'll OE upload the bill because
it's an E bill and get rejected,
then they'll pass it to you and see it's
a rejection.
You manage it I think because credit
control was not unsure and I think that's
the missing link. That's yeah,
that should have a better workflow.
Yeah, yeah. And you can pick up, you know,
all those processes that we talked about
this morning as part of your workflow.
When it hits you,
when we we get that access to that
workflow, you can, you know,
access reversals and split bill,
you know that you've got all those things
that we discussed as part of that
workflow that can be built in as well.
When it hits yourself at billing.
That'd be good, but if we get that,
we can do that as a a separate workshop
or it's one of the ones where it's kind
of an end to end service,
which we need to connect together. Yeah.
Yeah.
So can I just ask a general question as
well? So then see,
like on those ones when we're talking
about sending out to the client directly
when they e-mail back.
Does that just comment to service? No.
Yeah, we'll come into that case.
You'll get those updates as well.
So everybody's got well again.
It could be. And again with the workflow,
it could be you don't want this person to
have transfer.
You know you can hide and show what you
want or your own notes or you know,
because it isn't really.
The thing is we're not sending out a lot
of.
Maybe a silly question because on APPS I
I don't think so.
We we had that kind of a scenario where
you're sending the bulk file and there is
a rejection,
but there will be only one or two
rejections which is easy to manage that
response back from the bank.
But in this case there might be multiple
reject not might be there will be
multiple rejections on the invoices.
So if I am triggering if I'm sending out
that report out.
So basically it's just one report report
and I can't go on and create 100 of
categories for. Yeah,
we need to have a look at that. Yeah.
Out of those hundred bills at 10
rejections are there.
How will it work?
Can we not solution?
But I mean it's possible. I mean look,
you could have it all listed and they
they they're rejecting them,
is that right?
Is that the client side that's rejecting
it?
I mean it could be I mean again I don't
want to solutionize but you know
sometimes in the past they got a whole
checklist which they can you know
officially gives you a line item for each
of them.
You don't want to do and.
Look I went solution but there is the
possibility again that we'll make that
journey easy for, but is that is,
ServiceNow has functionality to is that
from the client or making it down? No, no,
no.
We could give that access to them to
break it down.
I mean they don't have to do that.
What essentially what you want them to do,
what do you do today?
What do they do today do they say?
Say reject line item 123 reject line item
456.
I think they will refer at the back of
the invoice number and say yes. Yeah.
Well from what gets sent back to Bell and
anyway it tends to be just so they could
I mean and reason for maybe I'll do it as
a simple level it could be reject all.
Reject none. Reject some. So if it's some,
you could get them leading.
Which ones you know as a again,
not to solutionize,
but would they be prepared to say before
you know and they enter those details of
the reject some.
I mean, if it's,
if it's and again the reverse of that.
If they're rejecting most of it apart
from not to,
they could do that logic as well.
It depends what depends what we've.
I'm just conscious because they are first
of all client portals.
So it's like a client's third party
portal, yeah.
So convincing them to use a service,
what we want them to use a different ball
game. That's what I was just thinking.
Yeah, it was just crazy.
That's maybe not the step that we go to.
It's maybe just if they sit,
so they send it back in the same form,
right?
We're basically emailing out to them.
It'll go out as an e-mail to them.
However,
they would reject that at the moment I'm
assuming they'd reply to that e-mail and
they tell you what it is that they're
rejecting in some shape or form.
How do they send the rejection?
Do they send it back?
It's like emailing back with a list of
invoices I assume,
or highlighting them on the track that
might be in terms of what?
What I mean more an e-mail info.
I'm in terms of as far as I'm aware,
they'll reject it on their portal and
then that triggers a notification to E
billing to E billing and it will tell
them what it is will be and send it to
you, right?
That might be useful for certainly the
myself,
and probably for some like Mark and
whatever else's.
We obviously this obviously came up early
in the week where you get like 600 emails
into the box for rejections etcetera.
It would be useful to get an example of
each of the type of rejections that the
client portals are sending in because
then we should be able to see look for
things like consistencies and whatever
else.
And also I think you said there's a demo
of our.
A platform in a few weeks that we're
moving to from from an E billing point of
view because I know that Eddie Com you're
talking about. Yeah, Eddie com.
I know in the past you can sort of set
rules up there to test it to see before
it gets to the client rather than client
rejecting it because they don't reject
based on. Yeah,
I mean that's kind of like a different
functionality. Eddie. Com is not going to.
Be able to say reject or not reject.
To be honest,
it's edicom is just going to be the
centre point where we are resource.
We are we're channelling those invoices.
Yeah, I know,
I know it's the middleware and whatever
else.
But in in previous businesses it was
possible to set rules up and to say if I
send you an invoice and it's for that
target.
And it's got this in it. Send me it back.
Don't send it over there. So it just goes,
it bounces off your own platform rather
than going out and then bouncing back.
I was saying that at least in the first
instance, not every solution, as you said,
everybody that's involved in that
workflow will now be on service now.
So we've got a.
Advantage that we can start to use of
assignments and monitoring that workflow.
Yeah,
I I I I think now I'm comfortable in the
sense when you said it goes to E billing.
So that's OK because they will get a
normal. Yeah,
they'll do what they need to do.
They'll receive their action later and
they'll give you the instructions. Yeah.
So I I think I'm. I'm.
Fine. Yeah. Yes.
So because if we create multiple line
items on the request,
it's really a lot more, yeah.
And I think when we're talking about
communicating with clients,
it needs to be really simple.
We should just be asking them to reply
back to us and we do the work on the
other side,
you do the heavy lifting rather than
getting them to.
OK. Yeah.
Was that complex billing?
I think it's slightly complex and
necessary. Sure,
I think that was actually,
I think that was a great win to have that
workflow to at least assist,
you know yourself and to officiate it
through ServiceNow. Yeah,
and with the kind of other ones that for
other clients come under.
They're still under the PFA category,
although they're not done by APFA,
but the other clients that have these
kind of different processes that are
filed under PFA.
So I don't really want to have a look at
them as well.
Yes, yes. Yeah. Which ones are they? So,
yeah,
basically any of the ones that are GM, OK,
they still belong to billing. Yes.
So it was pre.
It's just really kind of changing role
really.
It was APFA role that did this previously.
So the actual tasks are still being done.
But so if we're talking about
categorising those global markets ones,
then we should categorise them as complex
the same as the other. Yeah,
Goldman Sachs,
so that we can categorise them probably
yes because they I think they probably
would,
would you agree with that that global
market stuff would all come in the
complex only really because it has a
different process.
To our standard invoice here that's
getting that makes sense.
It's just heavy lifting outside of the
process. It's a all internal,
it's a complex working capital billing
you know rather than just for the billing
actually because if you look at the, the,
the dots,
what everybody's joining it's way,
way bigger than what normal Bill will
come.
Right. OK, Deborah. Sorry.
Just quickly that weekly invoice update
call. So it's actually not on share will,
but Simon managed to find it on the MPL,
it's been archived,
it's no longer required.
So that's probably to you can cross that
out in your your list scale.
What's that? We're just going to.
We unmark it.
That's another one that is in task.
Question. Yeah.
I don't really know why it's under the
EFA. Yeah,
it's not something I think we covered
that one. Didn't know whether it was.
Yeah.
I think that's probably that's what one's
probably just more kind of general. Yeah,
yeah. Yeah. It came under the,
I don't know why it was captured there,
but that's a managing voice for the edit
pro forma ones and the next one down.
So for these ones that are.
They also come under complex billing.
I think that's and the one that's crossed
out.
You also do that one for the investment
funds. Oh, no,
that's been crossed out for the week. OK,
so complex billing.
Do you do that again that we just
discussed? It doesn't hit you well,
you're doing them all outside into 3E.
And then is there a workflow similar to
what we just discussed that can be
officiated?
Pretty much yes, because again,
it's they're kind of related to specific
clients,
but it is kind of similar in that we are
generating the report rather than
somebody's not coming to you and saying,
can you do this complex and it touches
client workflow that we can.
Yeah. I mean, there are still,
it will still go through sharewell at the
moment,
kind of in a similar way to the Goldman
Sachs like when I'm sending out to the
client or whatever,
billing is always in there.
So there is always a trail of it in
sharewell, but it's just as I say,
being triggered by us rather than a
request.
And are the steps different for these non
Goldman Sachs clients like the tasks that
you do? Yes. So there's 30, there's two.
The two kind of main clients that this
covers as Citigroup and JP Morgan.
So the second Group One has a kind of
similar process to Goldman Sachs and that
we are going out to the client to get
their billing information at this stage,
which again is just kind of different to
what we do for other clients because
usually we would already that or it would
come via the PES.
Whatever. So again,
that's kind of similar really to them.
Once we've got their information,
we're running there as a good billing
process.
Yes. Yeah.
Yeah.
The JP Morgan ones are slightly different
because that actually may be changing.
So at the moment it's kind of similar
that we run a daily report for that.
I think that was on there somewhere as I
scheduled and.
And that's basically just a daily report
that we can run and then we can just go
ahead and build them because similar to
those other ones,
they're fixed fees and they don't really
need any approvals or anything.
But that is something a process that
might be actually changing.
But as it is right now,
that's sort of what happens. So.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
And just because the volumes of it and
really just because it has a separate
process to the, the kind of norm really.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, browse your mic on.
Can't really use now is it?
Is that better?
Can everyone hear me on that call?
So thank you.
I think it might go on and off as I'm
nibbling through that Sugar Bowl.
It's gone now. I'm done.
Yeah, if we can access that,
that would be very great. OK, it's good.
So that tends to be.